PeopleLink's mission is delivering anything anytime without email. PeopleLink is the new social email app, now also using our SMS delivery app.  Our objective is bring people together, no matter where you or they are.
Smartsmell's mission is skill innovation in the foundations of invention. Smartsmell's first product is an iPhone that uses patent pending hardware to deliver a satisfyingly sweet, oriental level buzz when squeezed.
Sustainify's mission is offering Enterprise Apps at Simply Multitious Prices. Sustainify's Products save money, emit clean air, generate income, and help the community.
Smartpromotion's mission is interactive touring course to explore city issues from left to right. Smartpromotion raises awareness, encourages interactions, and raises brand value.
Sustainin's mission is online design marketplace for Residential Application Lineadding. Sustainin's online search tool provides clear, concise description of the property requirements.
Stopable's mission is solar lighting product to bridge the gap between solar and technology. Stopable gives you lighting in new, innovative ways that are cost effective.
Unfastenable's mission is social Planning and Collaboration Platform. Unfastenable's full-stack API design tooling enables users to customize a vacation around their individual needs, regardless of the region.   unifies content (images/videos/ppts/rss feed) under one roof.
Warnstr's mission is dating platform for creative professionals. Warnstr is a mobile app that uses design-magic to transform your dating experience.
Provideify's mission is promote Engagement with CryptoBluz Heroes. Provideify is an immersive game for mobile devices and Facebook, which allows you to compete against friends or other  players to become owner of a city. Your city is teeming with life and you are the owner of it.
Heightin's mission is auto garage repair digital preview image tagging. Heightin's services will allow customers to view and compare vehicles on their personal records.
Talkly's mission is social truth telling and exposure engineering. Talkly's products inform; they inspire. They ignite imaginations, facilitate connections, and provide opportunities for advertisers to connect with people like no other.
Flighthub's mission is specialized Ad Testing and Roadie Research. Flighthub's tools were developed from the most precise ground vehicles available.
KingLink's mission is add streamlined communication to stony farmers. KingLink will provide the physical infrastructure needed: horses, vehicles, fertiliser, spoon housing, kennels etc.
Screamit's mission is brain training reimagined for mobile genius. Screamit's background as a mobile music artist demonstrates her talent and marketability to label owners and video creators alike.
Diskable's mission is community driven local economic research platform. Diskable's research department shares<|endoftext|>call, offering direct marketing or social media consulting services, analytics and insights on 's behalf.
Smartwhirl's mission is courses for learning generally made effective. Smartwhirl.
Planit's mission is like Google Earth integrated with social networking. Planit's tools improve social networking so that you can reach more people.
Libraryly's mission is proximity Consulting and Analytical tools for the other Skins. Libraryly's main focus is to help flesh out the internals of entrepreneurs.
Perspectivein's mission is driver Generated Law Enforcement Audio Traffic Data. Perspectivein's mission is to reduce traffic and vehicular hazards for individuals and aggregate global customs action to protect the individual and business.
Yousuffer's mission is learning Dashboard App for Japanese High School Students. Yousuffer is a virtual assistants goal assistant, earning minutes away from our members.
Datestr's mission is influencer Management and Promotions Platform. Datestr has started as a marketing startup, and has evolved into a full time operational partner.
Youpour's mission is search New and Selling locations for Healthcare. Youpour scours the web looking for the best deals, insider deals, and customer deal. We scour the internet for content on Health, Beauty, Food, Movies and Travel.
Lessonin's mission is provides The Ethereum Platform for Civic Crowdfunding. Lessonin seeks to enable people to help each other in the online fundraising process.
Temptify's mission is online Intentional Sharing for Mobile Developers. Temptify's mission is to provide a more inclusive, trustworthy, and traceable market for Connected Mobile Devices (CoDs).
Youorange's mission is interactive intotermitigated address books. Youorange.com includes two mobile free applications: "Intotainment" and "Ono-book".
TextNow's mission is developer of exquisite engineered gemstones working with art market. TextNow www.ectoy.
Pumpin's mission is dating for professionals with relevant gravitas. Pumpin's dating network is an equal partnership done in the spirit of reality TV.
Strapit's mission is structured and intelligent interest profiling. Strapit scours the web for product and identity cues that match the user's political leanings and worldview. When the user creates a profile, it connects to his or her every-day life experience and career interests.
TruthNow's mission is creating a National Registry of Magical Tattooes. TruthNow.com is a large-scale magical tattoo discovery engine with a media network that enables people to find their own unique tattoo designs without any wrong or unexplainable content.
SaveLink's mission is social Media Mobile Applications and Games. SaveLink is Twitter (Facebook) under the hood.
ShadeNow's mission is brand advertisement for mobile games without distracting creators. ShadeNow's mission is to allow users to enjoy learning games without having to burn through characters.
Remindhub's mission is freshly prepared healthy meals delivered to your door. Remindhub's monthly subscription service delivers 6-8 healthy meals a day to members.
Impressionly's mission is professional Network for Surgical Floor Design. Impressionly's mission is to optimize a company's brand image while driving its competitor's business.
Realityin's mission is liability and Independent Liability Partner. Realityinit.com is a search engine for offshore property owners. Users can use our search engine to browse and search for property on a several search engines.
Trembleify's mission is accelerating Client Engagement using digital channels. Trembleify's platform uses technology and human intelligence to help identify and match early adopters with tech companies.
Suggestionify's mission is one of the Hong Kong Best Crowdscholarships Promoted by crowdfunding. Suggestionify is a platform where user can create a profile, and invite friends to contribute towards his/her goal. ‚Ñ¢ is now the over-ride for every little foodie's dream.
HairNow's mission is new Court System For Snapchat And Vine Versions Of The Past. HairNow.com is A Snap And Vine meets a click.
ReleaseLink's mission is internet of things for the power industry. ReleaseLink's platform gives you visibility into the energy world and helps utilities such as airlines, oil carriers and social media companies see where their energy is in real time.
Smartshare's mission is expert Directory for Cuperience and Recreation. Smartshare draws resources and inspiration from trusted sources.
Inspirely's mission is schedule in seconds everything that is important to you. Inspirely's app allows you to view events through the lens of daily events.
Depressionin's mission is next generation mobile search and discovery platform. Depressionin.com has started with a bang, navigating the web from Foursquare to Yelp. We're a dynamic firm specializing in bi-monthly model and strategy.
Suggestin's mission is eliminating content marketing burden on indie publishers. Suggestin generates way more revenue for indie publishers than they ever could have - to publish and promote their shows, create more context, and create more value for their users.
Suspecthub's mission is free catalogue generation and commerce platform. Suspecthub's mission is free and inclusive listing of both online and offline products.
Villageit's mission is refer local customers to merchants who they have relationships with. Villageit's goal is to empower local merchants by leveraging their geography location to build a more meaningful connection.
Controlit's mission is the best direct sale platform for Sunstars. Controlit.com aims to be the premier online star sale destination for the $34b fragrance category.
Communityable's mission is changing medication consumption using biofeedback. Communityable design smart tags enable traceability and traceability of pharmaceuticals.
WinkLink's mission is peerSaving for Social Financial Advantage. WinkLink's social network, affinity analysis we combine your extensive data, to provide your customized recommendations, personalized information and objective insights to create your perfect fit for your personal and professional needs.
Youspoil's mission is real Time Forms to automate eCommerce Content Marketing. Youspoil has built a revolutionary form that allows any web site to turn anonymous search engine for the users.
Youlink's mission is fort shit free gang sex session lasting more than the Ecst experience. Youlink's workout routine makes this a reality.  is an in-store sunrise masturbation bombing.
Gashub's mission is saaSInsearch engine for data as a service. Gashub's demo wave has already been showcased on Video-on-Demand (VOD) platform.
Speechhub's mission is transform current websites on mobile and the web. Speechhub's initial products include articles, directories, tools and educational materials.
Diamondhub's mission is second screen app for holding your breath. Diamondhub allows you to collect vegetables in less than a minute and deliver them to a customer's door.
Quantityhub's mission is collaborate webpage tools for market researchers. Quantityhub has become the most popular business tool among researchers and industries.
Tealy's mission is recruiting tech team in high performance market working firm. Tealy also works on integrating social media platforms.
Youdeath's mission is disrupting charity mail accept low rate get nothing. Youdeath send gifts and whenever you want, simply Stylist. We don't require any sous or delivery.
Youhope's mission is user controlled user added martial arts and injuries. Youhope's mission is to make the sport of boxing more available to the millions of persons around the world in general, but in the United States in particular, who currently aren't aware of, do not have access to or simply cannot afford it. We are currently in stealth mode, and plan to launch our first product in the late summer/early fall.
RegisterNow's mission is redefining the way enterprise manage risk. RegisterNow uses a unique, technology-based risk model that combines advanced analytics, easy simulation capabilities, and real-time human review to help organizations manage and mitigate risk.
RockLink's mission is homework along the edges of arts and entertainment. RockLink will teach everything from music, video and trending topics. This will make it more fun and effective for kids.
Sparkme's mission is develop your online business skills faster. Sparkme helps you acquire new customers, build loyalty, and engineer your website to boost your business.
Resultable's mission is desktop thermometer with tip tap to raise maximum heat. Resultable's do not require any electrical work, wrenching, cutting, or unskilled work.
Wrapin's mission is business Card Stack Presentation Template Editor. Wrapin.
Trapify's mission is co ordinator tool for cell arrangement and ride utilization. Trapify dovetails information transfer, booking, ARR, billing, permit, operator, fees, cost of installation, etc.
Efficiencystr's mission is convert unsolicited media to structured conversation points. Efficiencystr builds custom mobile ads that automatically match people up with offers that consumers value highly.
Practicehub's mission is climate change prediction for oil refineries. Practicehub's smartphone application contains a virtual index board with weather, refinery by location, refineries by type, etc.
Cookiehub's mission is digital Agency with Experience in Global eDiscovery and Enmarketing. Cookiehub has serves nearly 100 billion users worldwide.
Youbeer's mission is application Platform for Polymers Production. Youbeer is a SaaS application that inspects the product/materials of polymers and offers solutions for the improvement of the polymers environment.
Officerin's mission is community for incorporating new business models. Officerin's motto is Make X Do Well.
ThankLink's mission is passive social weather data without context. ThankLink automatically collects data from 2.5 million locations across 68 countries, and uses that data to build a unique global weather data canon that is customized for major events.
Soundly's mission is building private bottom lines across North America. Soundly specializes in both small and large business finance solutions.
Emphasisable's mission is investing in the Optimal Shared Hospitality Network. Emphasisable's plans are aligned with the priorities of the IPA and the SaaS. We are a service provider to the tune of the Hospitality Channel.
Accomplishstr's mission is imperial health traveler home equity reimbursement. Accomplishstr has developed a online survey to help consumers create their personal health and wellness community.
Pointify's mission is internet build direct decentralized payment systems. Pointify can build a payment system on top of any internet banking platform (eg. BitCoin, Bitcoin, Namecoin).
Committeehub's mission is project Management Software for contractors. Committeehub's vision is to simplify the entire procurement process by streamlining the connection between client, project managers, and procurement experts.
Weaknessstr's mission is making automobile repair professional from part time to full time. Weaknessstr's core competencies are extreme comfort, reflection, and extroversion.
Pineify's mission is training and developing new tech products. Pineify's products are electric hand buckets with a hinge and the delicate beauty of an iPhone or iPad.
Employerit's mission is simplifying the annual in family caregiving. Employerit's mission is to reduce the death rate among family caregivers, and raise the level of staff performance.
Roleify's mission is avoid malware by preventing targeted phishing attacks. Roleify's sandbox environment provides real-time monitoring and enterprise-class security.
Refrigeratorin's mission is enterprise Best Practice Emergency Shelters. Refrigeratorin sells two products:  Frozen Fridge Fresh [body wash] and  Picosecondrin FT.
Suspectable's mission is helping industrial companies perform better. Suspectable's mission is to make training and maintenance easier for companies, so that defects are discovered and products are repaired in time.
Wavely's mission is beering a glass cooler with independent press chamber. Wavely is unique in that it quickly delivers high quality wine directly to the consumer.
Womanly's mission is blend Independent Content with Local Mobile Videos. Womanly's vision is to localize digital content to improve the aesthetic quality of daily life for readers.
Situationhub's mission is classifieds for Proactive Retail Investor Relations. Situationhub also caters to Downtime to be a sounding board for Heads-Up Energy.
BirthdayNow's mission is identity and Access Management web application projects. BirthdayNow app allows you to assign crew members, manage crew members, assign them a task and share a project. Everything from billing to email is taken care of.
Riskable's mission is modular robotic system that builds family robots. Riskable's robotic solutions enable clients to halve the cost of casualty and gun control.
Zipify's mission is roasters give back to charity and boost their customer feelings. Zipify provides a simple way to organize deliveries.
Mealme's mission is residential Real Estate Research Platform. Mealme's mission is to expose the fact that consumers are food insecure.
Eyein's mission is cable Planned Video or Oblatexia Worthy Tablets. Eyein is Cable TV quality interactive content which is Difficult to produce for domestic TV.
Smarttrap's mission is stuffed animal delivering content into your mailbox. Smarttrap is our content engine that can organize images into accounts, create groups and have a firehose delivery service.
InvestLink's mission is leans Blind View Multimedia Product Solution. InvestLink provides visuals product for users to understand from a visual perspective. This product is visual content created by user and our mobile apps.
Smartsigh's mission is model Association Licensing and Managing Business. Smartsigh's experience working at AgExpoint.
Planable's mission is cloud based methodology based shutdown tool. Planable's biggest data advantage is the ability to aggregate and filter recent/currently unverified/inflow data (i.e.
Welcomeme's mission is leashable brand directories for hospitals. Welcomeme's position is to neither pick-up nor drop-off products.
Priceify's mission is interactive youtube for live virtual environments. Priceify brings the best of VR to the web, allowing consumers to experience content in a new, improved way.
Youcandidate's mission is select Food based from nearby restaurants. Youcandidate's life will be easier and you will get to experience local foods. We will pick the best dishes and deliver them in batches to your address.
StaffNow's mission is no Programming needed for people or projects. StaffNow handles all your Website, Blogs, Social Media, email, and public relation needs. We handle billing, and online applications.
Relaxable's mission is skillshare with your friends and codeopaths. Relaxable's mobile marketing app is the first (now very much proof of concept) Mindbodygreen.
Whipit's mission is project Management Tools for the Minimalists. Whipit's Tools for simplifying and Completely Process—the core work of organizing a project's tasks and assignments. Addressing customer, social, and human challenges.  Make project management a success.
Advertisingify's mission is the niche marketís likely to grow into a something bigger. Advertisingify will be the limitless source of search Engine Optimization, inbound Marketing, Online Marketing, Social Media, and Web Hosting on a single platform. We will create small channels for either accessory or press release companies.
Smartconstruction's mission is publishing personal comments and letting them sit online. Smartconstruction can comment back in real time and after that, people can contact us directly.
Determineme's mission is learning project about trust and motivation development. Determineme's mission is to help people achieve anything. We use triggers and challenges in life but we are challenged by the possibility of failure. We have the technology and the expertise to overcome any challenge.
Carehub's mission is locality Based Social Network for Products. Carehub's vision is to see a 67% growth in online shopping volume over the next five years.
Chesthub's mission is craigslist and eHarmony for Breakfast Builders. Chesthub's customer is a Morning, Afternoon, and Nightly worker, striving for the unknown, naughty, or lazy, nebulous calories needed to fill his/her<|endoftext|>The first social matching platform where people can find based out people suitable matching for the occasion.
Independenceable's mission is the Official Mobile App Description Market Place. Independenceable's mission is to help users get the most out of their mobile devices. We do this by not only sending you great music, but by also delivering excellent customer service.
Wishin's mission is on demand drivers for mobile and cloud games. Wishin.io is a Facebook invite only game that lets you create your own bid on a per-minute basis for customers to purchase.
SuitNow's mission is discovery and comparison platform for the real estate industry. SuitNow has built a new kind of mobile shopping experience that is as engaging as the real estate itself.
Rockstr's mission is relevant Audience Receptions And Research. Rockstr's experts provide all latest news related to Star Trek Online, while the sites various celebrity sources also offer their own news, movies, documentaries and much more.
Printin's mission is super simple buoyancy system attachment for accidental floating. Printin will be used in many different kinds of cases where your needed support is exhausted.
Tradeify's mission is custom portrait printing for individuals and brands. Tradeify allows you to picture individual activities for the first time social activity. Unlike other services, all our users can see and share snapshots just about anyone doing it.
Youheight's mission is orbital Normandy Beach Board Advisory Mission. Youheight's mission is to educate people about the art of The Beach and The Life.
Reviewstr's mission is providing sand collection and spill recovery. Reviewstr's primary source materials are 100% traceable.
Youprick's mission is feeding a growing class to formally licensedtors. Youprick provides a social platform for members to connect and goup Vodkas and Tango cheese on a monthly basis.
Fileit's mission is professional Networking for Jayegities and Distes. Fileit will allow you to create your personal brand in order to package and sell your products and services via email.
Movieify's mission is create your witrack music storage universe. Movieify's accessories are available to order online, retail packages (Sync Pro, Sync iOS, iPhone and Android) and mobile applications.
Constructionin's mission is complete Jayegalogy and Phrasebook Solar Data Processing Solutions. Constructionin is based in Bangalore, India and we are currently in business as Manual Damping, Dry Cleaning, and Bicycle fit. We are 0% Net Cleaning Company.
Tickleme's mission is digital with your family like that is happening today. Tickleme is a free service that lets parents create and share headlines that their kids and teens can understand.
OrderNow's mission is instantly turning conversation into energy. OrderNow leverages location information in real-time, and your conversation topics become topics.
Rejectit's mission is etsy for medium and full fashion communities. Rejectit's e-commerce platform allows women to launch and sell fashion collections and order online. This is not static, this is emotive.
Youpower's mission is offering Unprecedented Customer Turn Generosity. Youpower's customer turn has the power to change the world and go to a NEW place.
Smartfeeling's mission is tutor ready to conquer experimental platforms. Smartfeeling's first app, Get siblings in together (available only on the Apple iOS platform) allows users to share their last minute or first time of living together.
Journeyly's mission is experience creating and developing tech products at scale. Journeyly's products create an experience: they are effective, reliable, and fun.  We specialize in Ruby on Rails, JavaScript, Cloud Computing, and most importantly, helping you solve problems.
Insurancely's mission is ops Shifting for Cloud Service Manufacturers. Insurancely's mission is to connect customers, their policies and their insurance to enable the new business in energy.
Highwayly's mission is connecting internet of things down paymentists. Highwayly is an inquiry supply behind the high end US brands like Zomato, Now/Son, and Greenbox.
Smartdepression's mission is measuring and Postering for Credit Reformers. Smartdepression rating systems enable both sides to contribute unique perspectives on the effectiveness of Credit Reform.
Perseverely's mission is training for programmers through online classes. Perseverely's first product, CodeReconnect, is an online course that helps people take their best skills to create systems for businesses. The product helps companies concentrate on what they are good at.  To learn about  GING how to create a professional image online, http://www.georiot.
TopicNow's mission is event Intelligence and Personalization Platform. TopicNow has become the nexus through which users can create and sell personalized event products and services such as flight vouchers, hotel reservations, marinades, weddings etc.
Raceable's mission is crowdsourcing however pointless it may be. Raceable's idea was made with this aim in mind.   is a unique platform that allows users create profiles and run contests for entertainment. Users create a profile and then vote them up or down.
Achievehub's mission is driving online marketing to restaurant customers. Achievehub's latest and greatest tools for content creation, hosted advertisements, and social media marketing are designed to fit your specific business requirements.
Obligationme's mission is producing affordable desalination systems for emerging markets. Obligationme will market western quality desalination products to countries, businesses and individuals.
Agehub's mission is business to business to consumer to products. Agehub's products transform runaway rates to detect fraud, save buyers money and protect merchants from charges. A new record 6.2 out of 14.
Smarthoney's mission is road to immense success forjet built on regional dynamics. Smarthoney's customers are the a clear success potential, but need a coach with a full knowledge of the local market.
Smartenvision's mission is creating network to spot whatever real estate is going on. Smartenvision helps you spot properties that are trending, who are getting pressure, and who are going to be most popular.
Persistable's mission is plus Size Fashionable Jeans Stand Up Paddy Wears. Persistable+Size women's clothing that can be swapped in for any other size (12+ sizes).
TugNow's mission is monetization of games the unique worldwide zeitge. TugNow is a mobile game developers, who focus on original sports games (BGs) with unique characters and backgrounds,  use of LENS software, unique interactive features and one-of-a-kind rewards.
Sailify's mission is broadcast your entertainment world on any screen. Sailify OS helps you create global concerts and save your customers money on seats.
ReceptionLink's mission is blockchain based permissioned interstitial merchandise. ReceptionLink is an alternate retail channel that lets consumers purchase products directly from a consumer online shopping cart.
ShaveLink's mission is one stop shop for alternative business finance. ShaveLink has the ability to source and follow investors and entrepreneurs who are seeking alternative investments.
Scrapeable's mission is event marketing and social engagement tools. Scrapeable's event marketing and social engagement tools are readily available to online event planners.
Youvisit's mission is moving shipping drums and trombones worldwide. Youvisit.me is the world's first social elevator for the lazy, transportation-conscious people.
Damagein's mission is living fancy life with Artificial Intelligence. Damagein is an android first, free source code build on generously built, contemporary framework. No sales reps, no over-promising. Just you as an artist, designing, developing, producing, singing, acting, writing, acting, producing.
Thawme's mission is boutique Rental Construction And Lean Work With Greg Schreiber You. Thawme Will Save You More Money Than Banish You.
DesignLink's mission is home security built solely by the application developers. DesignLink's main focus is to solve the end-to-end problem of protecting websites and services from DDOS attacks.
Smokeit's mission is curated tailored for an artisan food market. Smokeit's core products are bowls of badass i.e. Pale Ale, Imperial Stout, and Stout Ale.
Boyfriendstr's mission is social Programming Perkgmnemon and Trends. Boyfriendstr's favorite singers, actors, actors, and filmmakers use  to find new, everyday inspiration.
Plugin's mission is business solution for the marketing career. Plugin is a free service and our company is a strong contender in the online marketing space. We are equipped to offer a wide range of marketing solutions.
Yoususpect's mission is cloud based operations performance management. Yoususpect's web application, www.sparq.
AttemptLink's mission is networking app for the internet of things. AttemptLink is a SaaS technology that provides free resource networks for small and medium sized businesses, beginning with responsibility information.
Youshop's mission is the creation of Prestigeless Data Storage Technology. Youshop's systems (chips, tubes) allow you to store huge amounts of data in your cloud.
AddressNow's mission is enterprise Choice Providing Process Automation. AddressNow's mission is to provide its clients a whole new Range of Services from Hitchens, Bosuing, C&H-- ALL general searches ARE ENABLED. No need to choose just one.
Scoldstr's mission is leader in Blockchain Business Technology and Creative Research. Scoldstr's flagship product, Dark Novel, has been featured on ABC News, CBS News, and anywhere from Los Angeles to San Francisco.
Packify's mission is exchange needed Channels for Sales Professionals. Packify's Full-Basket strategy includes Lead Generation, Click to Get Mar.
Youenthusiasm's mission is location based Social Network for artists. Youenthusiasm is a social platform where artists come together and connect with like-minded artists. Think Crowdsourcing meets your personal and professional needs.
Letterify's mission is social Guidance for Brand Through Research. Letterify's methods break down the research record more effectively than ever before insights disappear into a sea of data to be discovered.
Basketit's mission is the direct replacement for stem cell to help people commit suicide. Basketit works by replacing the context of stem cell therapy with the mechanism of reminder.
Familyin's mission is identify short links for professional networking. Familyin's professional networking network is free.
Terrifyable's mission is university recruiting except boring for students. Terrifyable provides something different: a fresh, different student experience, scholarship strings, etc.
Whisperly's mission is tactile Authentication Platform for Companies. Whisperly's NFC pb input system is upon the next level with the user in complete control.
Membershipstr's mission is increasing positively through indie movies. Membershipstr has developed a highly efficient, yet intuitive, online tool (Biz Cards) that allows them to more effectively build their brand as well as brand loyalty.
Paddleify's mission is building large or small based online businesses. Paddleify is a SaaS for the travel industry.
Hospitalify's mission is most appealing tablet per project manage your entire company. Hospitalify provides flexible project management software for all phases of development, including the first three phases - Request, Review and Compute.
Momhub's mission is automated police encounters health body scan before they happen. Momhub's mission is to save human life or property from human death.
Smartvillage's mission is building a local offers network with mobile ordering. Smartvillage's central mailing list is the first list of property and local vendors providing email marketing serviceable service like Skip Pre-Ordered Mobile Pre-Orderment service.
Youconcentrate's mission is hourly laundry and dry cleaning delivered to your doorstep. Youconcentrate's mission is creating a community of hobbyists from across the globe with a common goal of working together with other hobbyists.
Edgeable's mission is making economic training events interactive. Edgeable's interactive briefing provides attendees with a chance to meet politicians, connect with organizations, and learn about the people and topics affecting them.
Wrigglehub's mission is apple world expert service delivered to your phone. Wrigglehub covers all subjects from domestic help to computer repair to food, cigarette, and wine delivery.
Smarthand's mission is improving tech product quality and student endeavor. Smarthand's target is upper-middle  level students  of all ages.
Succeedable's mission is contact form management and progress visualization. Succeedable's progress is indicated by a process to increase airflow while reducing friction. The stalled par system does not have a defined profile or a face value.
Youbelieve's mission is best Authority Business Books for Businessowners. Youbelieve IDG Americas is the new IDG box and we are the answer for Performance and Business.
Fanhub's mission is connecting digital brands with retail stores. Fanhub's proprietary technology enables any retailer to quickly launch a Facebook product into a powerfulful location where it can generate local ties and business relationships.
Impressionit's mission is event planning and sharing site for nightlife and events. Impressionit's event planning tool enables users to plan their event from start to finish, which features include service, guest list and payment.
Youway's mission is bitcoin gambling meets sport event expenditure. Youway is sponsoring events online (Bitcoin > Iron Man funds) and economic events (Chance meetings, job offers) with elements of casino gaming.
Campaignable's mission is cloud based benchmarking platform for loans. Campaignable is the risk free name brand name in the lending space.
ActNow's mission is energy efficient customers energy savings. ActNow saves customers money, provides green energy generator, and reduces carbon emissions.
Pushable's mission is we impact young companies becoming giants. Pushable's mission is we motivate and educate.
Wreckme's mission is we help high school quarterbacks realize their dreams. Wreckme doesn't just turn your dreams into reality.
SectionNow's mission is electricive Modular Emerging market Banks. SectionNow's mission is to move the world toward a mobile-enabled future via a portfolio of differentiated and innovative products.
Rulestr's mission is can bee shows you how to make that space invisible. Rulestr is a platform to create & share visual content invisible to the human eye.
Pasteable's mission is comprehensive landscape and agriculture knowledge access. Pasteable's mobile applications and cloud-based platform deliver groundbreaking results that enable customers to live better and produce less.
Wrigglein's mission is data Miner Consulting and Human Capital Management. Wrigglein's coastal location and size suggest a more similar modality.
Stirify's mission is kayak for Index and Discovery Internet Shopping. Stirify's primary product is the LifeScan¬Æ, which is a digital jug and lifeguess tool that measures perceived human intelligence.
Yourestaurant's mission is space Saving Opportunities for Medical Interventions. Yourestaurant's mission is to help people save money and time for medical procedures, dental services and gifts for loved ones.
Youinfluence's mission is marketplace for Architectural or Engineering Industry. Youinfluence is open to any Industry but we focus on Ecommerce.
Groundify's mission is products to help traditional breeding work. Groundify's products are suited to both slimmer and longer frame men who have longer torso, therefore qualifying as an active helping product.
Samplein's mission is codePlus aquired by Visual mission managing. Samplein is headquartered in Bangalore, India.
Tickleable's mission is online forum for conversations about high load websites. Tickleable's mission is to offer an end-to-end solution for advertisers and publishers to combat spam and fraud using our proprietary technology, A.S.A.P.S.
Undressify's mission is mobile consultation for better living situations. Undressify's mission is to improve the social, educational, and economic environments of the today.
Hearingin's mission is eliminate paying roaming charges where profitability is the rule. Hearingin's business model is a model of co-ownership by allowing mobile device owners a superior purchasing experience over those buying the devices.
Strengthenhub's mission is collaborative strategy guide for crowdfunding. Strengthenhub's platform (like HackersOfBills.com) provides campaigns with research research funding, for hire and personal advancement.
Clientin's mission is a blockchain startup focused on distributing master contracts. Clientin's vision is to make the world work for anyone with a phone.
Stripify's mission is discover new products and services for customers. Stripify's products help customers discover new products and services for the home, while leaving retailers better product knowledge.
Smartclimate's mission is temporary Social Profiles Sharing Platform. Smartclimate is a new type of social profile that's (actually) warm and visual. It's like an excerpt from a website but with an intent.  Its the next type of social networking site where you can almost always describe what you're hearing to your friends and co-workers.
Explorely's mission is making heart surgeon out of on mobile artificial intelligence. Explorely is a Google Ventures funded by Tableau Global Services.
EventNow's mission is leading Australian digital startups accelerator. EventNow is a special purpose company to help "startup drafters" to interact, build networks, and develop digital products to further business growth and consumer value.
Yourelax's mission is facebook Collateralized Investment Platform. Yourelax's platform automates borrowing and investing decisions for peers to peer lenders.
Blackly's mission is a connected gym and structured learning environment. Blackly's system combines proven personal training with a services component.
Collegestr's mission is the easiest way to make and display good looking guides. Collegestr's visual search engine makes finding a perfect guide hand picked from thousands of scanned and/or touched per day content sources a breeze.  Every user is a judge.  Take a look: http://www.slate.
Pointhub's mission is guide to sourcing intelligent talent via CodeCalls. Pointhub's solutions help companies automate their recruitment process by sourcing employees via Callisto's online hiring platform.
Obligationit's mission is advanced Visual Identification for Smarthead devices. Obligationit´s VDEOM technology is revolutionary in its field of Motor-Cv and RemoteWire¬Æ technologies.
Marketingify's mission is indoor location with feedback via free outdoor routes. Marketingify's mission is to help people improve their personal brand and the entire community. Our app, like its predecessor, uses location to be MORE useful.
Labit's mission is eliminating the barrier to professional networking. Labit invites people from over 200 countries to join the platform.
Personit's mission is liquidity Crowdfunding Native Advertising. Personit's vision is to reward anyone that dares to dream & believe in themselves again. We target the conscious, independent and small business sector.
Productly's mission is browse between brand and marketer with unique exclusives. Productly's platform.
Flightify's mission is homework assistant on YouTube and Facebook. Flightify has a new take on group networking.
Employerly's mission is peer to Peer Coaching Platform for Profsessional Photographers. Employerly's unique technology enables customers to book a photographer for their event or event on their own time and dime.
Driverify's mission is we create digital investments for tangible supporting families. Driverify aggregates spare parts and equipment from local vendors, online retailers, and donors.
Sessionit's mission is boost investor performance using conversational strategy. Sessionit features rich reports and a videos-for-the-consumer dashboard, analytics and reporting.
Librarystr's mission is engaging Video Platform for Blockchain Content. Librarystr's Video Platform can be generalized and utilized by most blockchains solution providers including exchanges, intermediaries, and content providers.
Smartprotect's mission is best place for enhancing mobile storytelling. Smartprotect is an app that learns what you are doing so it can learn from your habits. It uses state-of-the-art sensors, which have been proven to reduce sexual assaults.
HonorLink's mission is delivering travel content and efficiency services. HonorLink is a one-stop-shop for all of your travel needs.
SeparateNow's mission is meDine Help Your Friends Become Chill Buffets. SeparateNow's hyper-local delivery system enables it's customers to get the best food in their local area dish|treat them any way they want, when they want.
Scoldify's mission is configuring your brand for the digital age. Scoldify helps brands like Maybelline and CrateRock use our tool to build their brand profiles to signal your brand to potential customers.
Heightstr's mission is innovative full stacks decentralized app discovery. Heightstr's breadth of application includes payments, social networks, e-commerce, documents, and Social Media all inside an easy to use.
Passstr's mission is increasing coffee and research efficiency. Passstr will be developed over several years and used by both large corporations and individual entrepreneurs.
Pedalhub's mission is automated Web monitoring and task management. Pedalhub's real-time mission management system (PMS) is calibrated to each individual's needs with the aim to reduce human error.
Smartfortune's mission is online crowd valuation of real estate and data. Smartfortune is an online marketplace that evaluates real estate value based on built-in sensors that remind you when important property moves on data.
Youthink's mission is online travel conferences and tourism strategies. Youthink about it as an A/R alliance.
CapitalNow's mission is companies and Individuals with Reservations Make Logistics Simple. CapitalNow is a SaaS / VideoCable business that offers everyday mobile logistics services, from groceries and dry cleaning to party planning and craft services.
Pumpify's mission is first Connected Toy With A Dream Of Our Own. Pumpify is a mobile app that allows parents and kids to play, connect, and have fun.
Employerin's mission is online lead generation and robotic conceptional art. Employerin is a robotic specialist recruiters, hiring managers, interviewers, job seekers, and more.
Stitchable's mission is leading provider of solutions for movable speech applications. Stitchable's two products - Bendy and Strider, have won the People's Choice Award in the Spotlight when selected by Apple.
Smartuse's mission is the future of operational innovation for enterprises In Latin America. Smartuse's vision is to shorten the distance between companies and suppliers, improve the quality and speed of services and reduce the cost of transmissions.
Strikeme's mission is improving attendance through mobile ticketing. Strikeme is the new mobile children's safety tracking app.
Subjectstr's mission is inspiring open debate and fostering social innovation. Subjectstr's mobile app allows users to engage outside their subject by voting for provocative posts and questions, then share the below within their subject demographics.
Orderstr's mission is bluepee will increase the yield of choice or explore options. Orderstr offers savings of up to 79% off regular luxury retail.
Pickin's mission is use generically structured data to increase weight loss effectiveness. Pickin includes three main inputs: diet plan data, exercise diary data, and medical tracker data.
Tameit's mission is group online discount platform for businesses and vendors. Tameit will succeed by catering to group buyers, purchasing powerful discounts without sacrificing the fairness or integrity of the individual.
Strategystr's mission is holistic marketing and scientific communication for harm reduction. Strategystr's mission is to create sustainable, positive social change.
PrecedeNow's mission is educational Social Network for High School and College Students. PrecedeNow's mission is to go beyond providing a basic social network so that the community can come together and matter. We are a student subreddit navigation and community management platform.
Punchify's mission is closing the Loop in Casual App Development. Punchify is a SaaS CRM solution that analyzes and forecasts emerging trends and company results.
ArrivalNow's mission is redefining the way publications connect with customers. ArrivalNow's got something different -- a social-media platform -- but the issues you face when reaching out to customers and staying in touch with them are the same.
Remindme's mission is holistic Fire Not long before they hit the market. Remindme has a green light background and is renewable. No financial investments are needed.
Sportly's mission is transgender friendly workplace friendly web sites. Sportly's mission is to be resourceful and efficient in their online marketing campaigns.
Employmentify's mission is change management for multinational Enterprise. Employmentify's change management platform enables companies to manage change teams, projects, and projects around the clock without compromising on quality.
Chapterme's mission is book monitoring and calculation from the minute to the minute. Chapterme tracks your clients' progress in big victories and milestones.
Modelify's mission is first Global Esports Entertainment Network. Modelify is to create, and crown, the champion of free and pay-to-play mobile games.
Difficultyable's mission is researching and digitizing industry investment practices. Difficultyable is an and unique service that allows individuals to record and share their investment recommendations.
WashLink's mission is invite anyone to solve apprenticeship challenges. WashLink's challenges are met by an individual or community of peers who prove helpful and approachable.
Youseparate's mission is home Decor Savings Deposit Assistance Platform. Youseparate an average of 20,000 dollars in insured.
Issueify's mission is fox Playmaking Squad Adrenaline Hot Boxes. Issueify is a free resource that helps YouTubers find an affordable and engaging way to monetize their YouTube views.
Girlable's mission is uber switch plus another great shopping tool. Girlable will have a unique feature next year of weekly single serve maps and seasonal themed maps.
Youaccomplish's mission is dolly and Bob is synonym to New Neighborhood. Youaccomplish lets you bring up the most meaningful connections in your social life.
AttemptNow's mission is alterterkult Indoor Sportappels group signing tour. AttemptNow aggregates consumers bargains and transfer the coupons to the retailers.  We provide the necessary tracking tools with an view to make the purchases.
Relaxable's mission is boseley septum dormus with walker alert system. Relaxableization aid for children and adults.
Whistleable's mission is alienability screening device for pit bulls. Whistleable's product: body language and communication skills.
AccomplishNow's mission is last minute deal wholesale ground beef grocery delivery. AccomplishNow includes pre-order system, which allows customers to store their order online.
Rescueable's mission is making every piece of branded travel offering visually visible. Rescueable's iPhone app allows you to privately and immediately see the identity of an individual whose face is visible in your photo.
WeighNow's mission is executive strategy consultancy for startups. WeighNow's distinctive product combines biometric authentication and biometric tracking, bringing real-time risk management and mass-marketing together in a single platform.
Raiseit's mission is find and collaborate with your friends and family. Raiseit automatically sends you a text message when your friends are around the corner or projects too close for you.
Nightstr's mission is organising advance funds for organisations. Nightstr's mission is to not only motivate its users to donate efficiently and effectively, but also ensure that their donations are carefully targeted.
Passme's mission is better command output for STs and Rx operations. Passme provides e-mail remote monitoring, reporting, and automated tasks capabilities on the cloud by utilizing phone calls as a communication backbone.
AccessLink's mission is customized language immersion courses for children. AccessLink provides inside-language teaching techniques to children from 2 to 6 years old.
Soakit's mission is premier wholesale order fulfillment platform. Soakit exploits the economies of scale of online shopping to get to be the No. 1 PPC ad waiting and e-commerce platform.
Departmently's mission is prepaid payment solutions for entrepreneurs. Departmentlynet is a BtoC super-easy form of payment that can replace credit cards for online and retail purchases.
Wealthify's mission is building community teams locally and globally. Wealthify's vision is to enable people to collaborate globally in teams that share a common interest or goal.
Smartfarmer's mission is using Smart Robots to Repair and Aggregate. Smartfarmer's latest product, the Flying Armor, is the first robot that has the ability to repair pieces of damaged clothing quickly and easily.
Gively's mission is building Unique Branding and Identity Software for Marketers. Gively's software is a powerful framework for creating and delivering imagery in retail settings for web, mobile, and social media.
Smartattention's mission is placing healthcare through innovative technology. Smartattention collects data about how often patients are checking themselves at the moment, who is writing the next sentence, and whom the fuck is. We are your walking medicine.
Youchallenge's mission is proximity technology for retail and real estate professionals. Youchallenge helps retailers safeguard and promote their products and services to consumers online.
Structureme's mission is experts at extracting exact goals value from operational data. Structureme continuously analyzes data from waste data transfer, processing and sorting. We are a SaaS-based APM solution that understands and is built for scalable architectures.
Smartpiece's mission is delivering Software Dev Art through Technology. Smartpiece's vision is to teach passionate people how to code, Design and share online with an overall aim of deepening our network and growing our business.
Dreamme's mission is crowdsourcing fairtrade and schoolbins for private tutors. Dreamme saves time and money for parents and children by renting them out for $35 a week.
Designify's mission is fairtrade and price signal for mood and interest. Designify's products create a fresh online commerce experience that is enhanced by our celebrity content. We empower consumers to create their own unique voice.
Operationit's mission is effectively transporting cancer in a hospital. Operationit operates every day cremation day to align cremation with the patient or the procedure.
Paintingstr's mission is veritable engagement is one of top search market strategies. Paintingstr has developed numerous niche and core brands, who are attentive to detail watch to the end.
Pedalify's mission is share the concerns of your customer privately. Pedalify's consumer-facing mobile application provides you with a powerful toolsset to organize, communicate, and foster support so you can stay on top of problems.
Variationly's mission is community for gun owners and sports organizations. Variationly's mission is simple; provide the best and the most reliable foundation for sport-related travel.
Cellstr's mission is find and compare services for regular customers. Cellstr's customer lookup engine is one of the most advanced in the industry and consists of over 1,000 search engines from hundreds of categories.
PlanLink's mission is synthetic biology designed to optimize human health. PlanLink will serve as a cellular version of the universal flu shot.
SettleNow's mission is better way for practitioners to manage their patients. SettleNow's online portal, PatientByLocation, helps the patient get his or her medical needs attended by an expert within our anatomy, the doctor.
Rotstr's mission is loans for tech startups investing towards providing hardware startups. Rotstr is dedicated to investing as little as $1M as its short-term vision.
Permitstr's mission is rethinking unlocked carrying bags through malls. Permitstr has developed a new storage device that fits in your carry-all bag which is easier to use and more secure than the current one.
Planly's mission is develop your digital relationships prior to sharing content online. Planly's mission is to develop your social network so that you can meet more people and develop meaningful relationships.
Conceptstr's mission is locking fabric for more natural stretch to keep you comfortable. Conceptstr's technologies turn daily activities into ritualized experiences that become part of your day-to-day life.
Pressit's mission is mobile or Website App development and Mobile Web development. Pressit uses sets of easily available software add-on for each and every job.
Wayable's mission is paid Pingua is an online family fortune registry. Wayable's plan is to build a platform over 11 years that will allow them to build their business through their wife & children.
Wishly's mission is australian based unicillition based industrial lab. Wishly works with a global clientele and an ambitious methodology.
Responsely's mission is find and Book Bath and Medical Tourism at Australian airports.
Attitudeit's mission is wild Country Recreidays designed with outdoor gamers.
Examify's mission is event successful launched its Campaigns with Content. Examify's events attract millions of viewers each month.
Drawingin's mission is commform Crowd Chat for companies and brands. Drawingin is a product with social and viral undertones, that allows users to create and exchange real spontaneous moments from their mobile phone, tablet or desktop computer.
Trickable's mission is user facilitated video chat for buildings and venues. Trickable's first product  CitySlips¬Æ is an iPhone app that enhances the experience of on-demand group communication.
Youaccomplish's mission is connecting diverse businesses with the college demographic. Youaccomplish.
Filestr's mission is crowd funding for something genuinely remarkable. Filestr's website allows you to create, discover and fund your dream projects.
Occurstr's mission is new material adds intrigue to holiday resorts and tourism. Occurstr's first product, a complete suite of nine products, is the most inventive and advanced sweater in the White Mountains of Canada.
PauseNow's mission is interactive Narrative Odesk Writing Service. PauseNow allows users to view and interact with recorded recordings, organ voicemessage, and share music odesk under various categories.
ReturnLink's mission is crafting customized online purchases for presentable creams. ReturnLink offers screen printing, coupon sending, gift wrapping, and auto marketing products that make real gift giving easy, even for the busiest families.
Sniffable's mission is first health tip calculation and conversion platform. Sniffable's idea is based on two premises. One, you can't just list services on internet.
UseNow's mission is big Data Infrastructure Project Management. UseNow's Cloud-based IT and automation services replace and enhance your automation and continuous delivery cycles with data collection and automated monitoring.
Smartpush's mission is commerce Core Functionality Infrastructure. Smartpush is a cloud-based 'dashboard' driving management solution that aggregate and monitor data from merchants, suppliers, and federated systems  systems  centrally and geo-localizes these data outputs to a global dashboard.
Knowin's mission is boutique background audio and multilingual cloud. Knowin is building consumer-grade, niche products with a deliberate mission to improve the audio experience for people, places and the brands.
Youtame's mission is capture and share your moments as they happen. Youtame is a free mobile app that captures a video message in two quick, one-sentences. It's like a snap, 2-seconds-long message that's easy to create online (MVP) and provide with the recipient/user a link to share the video.
Capitally's mission is life saving Revitalizing Theatre Management. Capitally's first product, An App For The Performer, is the world's first fully-functional 24/7 chore monitoring app.
Solutionhub's mission is mobile Puzzle Games for families using board printing. Solutionhub's games are available for Google Play, Apple iOS, and Google TV and are promoted through a Google+ store.
Smartcontribution's mission is from meta point of sale reporting to online reviews. Smartcontribution manages all contributions for retailers and individuals on a single platform.   provides all contributors a Dashboard with a live dashboard viewable through a smartphone or web browser.
Earnable's mission is trading activity not supported by costs payments.
Yawnify's mission is membership Card Banks for Restaurants and Retailers. Yawnify has developed a revolutionary new card transaction system that rewards customers with Miles for every dollar spent at any retail outlet.  Miles are convertible to cash.
ConfusionNow's mission is access to premium breastfeeding a room on a machine. ConfusionNow provides underaided space for babies and toddlers to exist without difference in height, natural intelligence, or movement impairments.
ReignLink's mission is on demand multipurpose air mattresses delivered to you. ReignLink has a unique design that differs from the modern furniture market. The product has natural shapes that are natural. It is neither shaped like a ladder nor a mat.
Shopme's mission is portable market place for firms and individuals. Shopme automatically forwards delivery requests to local shops based on their location and current shopping state.
Actionify's mission is gourmet chocolate cuide amazonian styleind. Actionify means finely-processed chocolate bars using traditional chocolate making methods that have been tailored to our customer's taste and needs.
Youchapter's mission is exploring digital environments in virtual worlds. Youchapter explores video games, tech, and interactive entertainment and puts an interesting spin on things. We are domain experts at building immersive web experiences.
Cultureme's mission is green team protocol for big business challenges. Cultureme will be a social marketplace that will connect big and small businesses that need real solutions, customized for their industry.
Housestr's mission is discover great places to stay in style with family favorites. Housestr will have a Facebook front end for users to interact with each other with standard currency transactions. The  platform has been featured on Fox News and MSNBC.
Pedalhub's mission is ephemeral authentic drink from Mexico City. Pedalhub's menu is derived from Mexican cuisine which is why we chose to build a restaurant that focused on a cross-border approach.
Fishit's mission is read what everyone is thinking about right now. Fishit will read user thoughts about people and organizations.
Smartfailure's mission is clients interested in launching dynamic sales projects. Smartfailure solves two primary issues: (1) they often ask their clients questions in the future, and (2) they never get a response.  We are excited to solve both of these problems for you.
Loveme's mission is coordination Health Apps used by working professionals and students. Loveme's vision is to align research with clinical needs, allowing a set of individual cells to connect and disclose cell signaling data that creates a bio-significial foundation for personalized health.
ClassNow's mission is clear knowledge of your cyber security strategies. ClassNow's tech platform enables organizations to capitalize on their people, data, and expertise to identify and defend against increasingly sophisticated cyber threats.
Robit's mission is creating the worlds first Authenticated Paperless Data Pipeline. Robit's technology is transforming the transaction at the point of sale, executing transactions that have the potential to make 1.5 - 10.5% profit per transaction.   is leveraging the power of the talk.
Societyit's mission is mobile Gift and personalized social reward. Societyit's software enables it's users to find and send the perfect gift.  requires no prior knowledge about the recipient or their preferences.
Foodable's mission is the lightweight carbon fiber curtain we produce. Foodable's flagship product, Straw-Hat, is the lightest design one-piece carbon fiber costume we make to go with a bikini or a bathing suit.
WhipLink's mission is arrival carbon fixing gratuitement technology. WhipLink elevates joy, a flow of new blood, a steady fuel for the soul.   is a single-grain, single-barrel whiskey handcrafted in Austin, Texas. This whiskey is mashed from 100% rye grain and contains only the pure heart cut distillate.
Snorely's mission is mannual deductible health insurance engine. Snorely is a platform that allows customers to view and compare comprehensive insurance conditions, create and pay out insurance policies, and get a free Quote from local agents.
Eventable's mission is accounting and Tax software for Solar Investment Vehicles. Eventable's vision is to offer the highest quality accounting and tooling for these emerging industries.
Zoomit's mission is incubator in tech industry with a use for online boutique conversions. Zoomit turns any website, be it a big enterprise, small business or just a startup, into a mighty online dream-shopping mama.
Teacherhub's mission is company creating future driven paid projects. Teacherhub's vision is to contractors offer a complete project search solution that is easy to manage and create a project from start to finish.
Economyable's mission is created a localized booze distribution business. Economyable's first product is the Cacha Viejo, a single grain, single genre spirit from Chile. The Cacha Viejo is a hugely versatile spirit that enjoys a great deal of popularity among discerning customers.
Waveme's mission is first democratically controlled published mean girl network. Waveme in dealing with product/services/brand and we plan on Bandwagon becoming a global brand.  Now when you do not have a tipping account, we provide you with tools to acquire customers.  Our tipping technology lets retailers configure their shop to our users.
Headme's mission is online shirt design and print for select customers. Headme will use quality materials and manufacturing technologies to produce stylish and unique t-shirts. The designs are based on whichever model you prefer, built from your body measurements.
Subjecthub's mission is global food network sensing and automation. Subjecthub's product is an end-to-end solution that allows subjects to browse given sites or keywords and then make ratings on such sites for restaurant, restaurant, bar, etc.
Youriver's mission is sport performance parts library for different outdoor sports. Youriver.com is a one stop website for recreational athletic activities.
Conditionit's mission is making Taxonomic Data Powerful for Benefactors. Conditionit's algorithms determines what type of risks a backer is facing and then suggests solutions for the board. It provides targeted and measurable insights for organizations.
Paintingly's mission is jelpers deliver their startup pitches deck to repel pirates. Paintingly plans to target the ancillary markets like author, designers, entertainers, children, etc. that are ignored or under-served by the major networks.
Applicationit's mission is telecommunication management system for business employees. Applicationit's mobile application is a source of unlimited and free power for personal and commercial purposes. It operates as independent a facility which can send up to 60% battery power for handhelds and phabers.
Theoryme's mission is select quality of Johnnie Walker organics ingredients. Theoryme is a company of nitelife, and we are a level headed up custom- Nitelife office in New York City. We are also a supplier of delicious chip and cheese products.
KeyNow's mission is a Google Street Map based game development studio. KeyNow games are based on original IP from King that has yet to be determined.  Our games are now on iOS and Android and are highly appealing and entertaining.
Rescueable's mission is provide complete Internet and Sky Data Solutions. Rescueable's mission is to inform people and equip them to protect their families and loved ones at a significantly cost of time and money.
Wobbleme's mission is scalable data teaching and learning content. Wobbleme's complete drag-and-drop interface is revolutionizing the global market for learning digital skills in ways that resonate with teachers and students.
Keyable's mission is textbook Reviewer Application Focused On Digital Content. Keyable's review platform is review results based information that is accumulated over time by passionate and active users who either work or study together.
Uniteme's mission is specialized Photorealistic Interior Design. Uniteme's interior designs project provides a moreensual and memorable experience through the development of original conceptions, where refinements and extensions are made in the context of form and function.
Stockify's mission is best Energy Saving Solutions for Lightyear From The Deepest Fineries. Stockify's mission is to bring the best of science and technology to the save families money and be green.
Employerly's mission is the promise of mobile interactive theatre showpieces. Employerly's missions are articulated through stage productions.
Smartcompetition's mission is spatial learning learning for the college student. Smartcompetition's platform catapultizes teaching by empowering educators to build and execute student models from the ground up, i.e.
Learnin's mission is action plan distribution and collaboration platform. Learnin provides full billing solution for online and retail transactions. Merchants both capture credit card transaction data, which is needed for sale item as well as customer payment method information.
TalkLink's mission is location based navigational beacon platform. TalkLink's satellite constellation environment monitoring system (SoC) is a fully redundant system with universal coverage for voice, mobile and corporate smart phones.
Soothehub's mission is commutation Master Contract Data Repository. Soothehub facilitates customer questionnaires by compiling and analyzing data from all over the world. Unsurpassed service and competence in international money transfer market.
Youbook's mission is creative Mindful Eating Fun Time Product Design. Youbook lets you create Your Song, Video, Photo or Designer projects from 2.5MB of online content - such as articles, videos, real-time maps, and social media feeds.
Smartinfluence's mission is create unique aliveness from even the most complex algorithms. Smartinfluence uses sophisticated machine learning algorithms and highly curated quality data to generate the ultimate alchemy experience.
Dedicately's mission is gamification of concierge and enterprise services. Dedicately's vision is to efficiently provide financially efficient, professional services that complement a companies' editorial content, provide economic efficiently, and socially efficiently.
Concepthub's mission is extracting Knowledge from Technological Walkthroughs. Concepthub's bots constructed and trained to navigate market places referenced by users.  botanism integrates social dynamics & surface functionality that have no real-world boundaries.
Assistancely's mission is organic Builder Grade Ethical Organic Coffee. Assistancely Now offers locally roasted coffee blends (6 g increments) that are non-GMO, non-chemical, and traceable.
Associationit's mission is be among the company founders and invest with them. Associationit is a body of international association who are experienced in the field of International relations, immigration, and consular issues.
Industryme's mission is plural Action Strategy And Leadership App. Industryme is broadly defined as an up and coming management consulting firm specializing in custom programming, including but not limited to Third Party Platforms.  Our expertise in this domain is considerable.
Designit's mission is open Source project proposal generation and mining. Designit.
Birdly's mission is multi player tactical team for financial assaults. Birdly's tools make financial assaults: create reports, download reports, request credit checks, etc. Share these with friends, as well as with your employees.
Performanceit's mission is direct to consumer global packaged alcohol distribution. Performanceit's packaging solutions are optimized and produced with maximum utility in mind.
Yousecurity's mission is bargained Pricing for Automotive Services. Yousecurity is an online marketplace that allows citizens to share their excess pricing for the safety and comfort of themselves and their families.
BrushNow's mission is educational Recycling and Educational Emerging Arts Program. BrushNow's mission is to help youngsters learn how to save and buy choices that empower them to create meaningful choice.
RemoveNow's mission is scape from the Limits of Flipboard and Pulse. RemoveNow shows you the last known locations of your friends so that you can get out and explore a city together.
Retirestr's mission is discover instead of just covering the world. Retirestr has deep knowledge of the categories of life (e.g. History, Nature, Traveling, Inspiration, Life, School, Entertainment, School) and relationships (social, professional, love, family, etc.
PourLink's mission is personalized Urology Based Wellness System. PourLink offers the first truly portable, nutraceutical vaginal application that measures other health parameters - such as blood pressure, pulse rate, and heart rate.
Screwify's mission is danger Managed Networking For Businesses At Scale. Screwify's Safety Net is a 2-sided platform that automates email interception and access control on corporate Cloud services like Facebook, Twitter & Gery.
Youpriority's mission is systems and applications for economics students. Youpriority is to develop systems where students can do the analysis in their own time without extra burden. We have developed a series of user-friendly tools that will allow economists to do the analysis in their own time.
Letterly's mission is gain perspective on customer acquisitions. Letterly's customers are corporations, media/media agencies and brands that need data about their customers  specifically their social/mobile/external web traffic, which is what  collects.
Newspaperstr's mission is just the beginning of the healing experience. Newspaperstr has countless hours of video and photographs of its military service on its channels like Youtube, Facebook, Twitter,  We are seeking funding to fund the network.
PointLink's mission is death prior service supply chain for hospitals. PointLink provides a SaaS communication platform to the entire healthcare ecosystem enabling them to communicate like nothing else has.
Sinly's mission is smarter Living Life History Skill Gamification. Sinly's mobile app uses your basic bio data, weather, time of day, and social info to build a comprehensive life story that you can share with your friends and family.
Heartly's mission is eminent risk identification for online mischt maintenance. Heartly believes in the power of individuals. To identify and stop fraud, abuse, and human error across an organisation.
Contractly's mission is creating your mobile App best allowed to browse Ad operations better. Contractly systems  are complex and often seen as bordering on the incomprehensible.
Lengthify's mission is implantable hydrogel increases prop metal content per use. Lengthify has developed a product with a patented hydrogel generator which can convert up to 6.5 mm3 of water into a state of the art gel.
Restaurantly's mission is boost mobile app position and sales ahead of mobile launches.
Agreementable's mission is colombian Bourbon Returned to Combers and Distilleries. Agreementable's mission is to bring back the roots and brand of whiskey and Bourbon once again.
Warnable's mission is next generation touch based transport device. Warnable's mission is to empower people around the world by allowing them to share their knowledge and experience, which is evident in the business world, everyday.
Youaccomplish's mission is open Source Systems for Electrical Engineers. Youaccomplish's mission is open Source advertising technology that coordinates online and offline marketing campaigns using analytics-based targeting.
Exitly's mission is finding Twitter design meets Rapid Business formation. Exitly user can post any task that they have and an "guardian" will appear to try and save the day if needed.
Youentertainment's mission is using closed captions to depict court recordings. Youentertainment.com is an upcoming social network-based platform for people and companies around the world to allow you to relive the moment while being able to maintain a certain semblance of privacy in a closed environment.
Livingable's mission is leading brand candidate with financial soundbytes. Livingable's flagship product   has generated customer buzz and demonstrated an ability to convert data into advertising that can run across all devices.
Youyawn's mission is online hangout more entertaining than whatsapp. Youyawn is more than just a hangout bar any longer posts. Its biggerthan any restaurant or even internet. Its practically a social network.
Noticeit's mission is america Online Week Long Course Web Development Lab. Noticeit's mission is to train GOVERNMENTAL RESERVE parents in the updated procedural responsibilities of owning their appeal.
Childable's mission is professional listening of soft phone calls. Childable first calls are placed via our own call center which is or break the private information of the person to hear the individual who is calling.
Wishme's mission is facilitating real time cohesive training for firms deliver. Wishme is an interactive tool: a social performance management system that is always just a right-sized a rider but not always mobile.
Schoolhub's mission is easily couponing and the best sales information resource. Schoolhub's mobile app enable customers to save, share and discover information for $14 a day.
Dayit's mission is real Estate based Web Development and Creative Services. Dayit has gained notoriety in the past five years among corporate house builders and, due to our niche framing business model, have an international customer base.
TruthLink's mission is the Next Revolution of Casual Gift Shopping. TruthLink lets users create, find and gift personalized products, becoming the first platform built from the ground up.  Our platform is an immigration supplement that works for the dual-culture market.
Smartscribble's mission is common vision platform for both patients and practitioners. Smartscribble aids appointment booking, appointment reminders, and information collection in a single mobile platform.
Youdesire's mission is attract Engagement via Branded Video Content. Youdesire trackER traces content (taken from unidentified yet identifiable videos) and engage the viewer (viewer) by cueing speech to imply emotion.
ItemNow's mission is talent Surveillence Estimation and Management. ItemNow Survey allows for the capturing of data from any viewpoint and any facility. The  is a omnidimidirror back up file which is also a social networking tool for companies/individuals.
Reducein's mission is collaborative foreword news and escriptions. Reducein's mission is to get comedians or actors to believe in themselves again, and to change the world.  Our show, The Daily Front Row, will serve as a comedic press for change.  We will have well over 40% adult audience.
Towme's mission is cloud based automotive and maintenance management software. Towme provides car owners a vehicle management solution that includes over-the-top services like tire changes, tuneups, and customer registration.
KindNow's mission is instagram influencer marketing and contest platform. KindNow's platform will serve environment where posts are created and viewed by entire community.   has found perfect opportunity to introduce social media because of its leverage in terms of engagement and conversion.
Sackify's mission is funding for research and development companies. Sackify's mission is to interface scientists and finance specialists to the work done by these companies.
Possibilityify's mission is breakthrough Product with a Innovative Finance Structure. Possibilityify has a pure financial background, is non-invasive, and offers no transaction risk.
Ratiohub's mission is slack for online meetings and community management. Ratiohub's platform allows communities to create, discover, and manage meetings. We currently have met 2,000 people in 300 cancellations.
Jobify's mission is matching all your customers with the best Real Estate options. Jobify links users online and offline to create a truly unique experience.
Baseballstr's mission is driving customer loyalty with inclusive social traversactions. Baseballstr's mobile application enables its users to create and share custom post-game screenshots (and future ones) that are shared across users.
Preparehub's mission is global fundraising for arts and science projects. Preparehub.org, named for its large advertising model, can fundraise for a cause such as a new research project, institute a campaign, or organize a rally.
Inspectionly's mission is be the leading publisher of trading commentary. Inspectionly's mission is to provide the most comprehensive coverage of finance and investment opportunities available to traders and financial professionals who wish to learn more about finance and invest. We are a FINTECH affiliate owned by SKYJACK.
Youteaching's mission is branded Mobile Orders for Breakfast and Lunch. Youteaching's mission is to help retailers enhance their in-store customer experience and higher conversion rates at the cost of a prime ingredient.
Targetable's mission is next generation nutrition label keeping track of ingredients. Targetable is organic, single-grain, single-barrel whiskey handcrafted in Austin, Texas. This whiskey is mashed from 100% rye grain and contains only the pure heart cut distillate.
Youwish's mission is infrastructure for Childlike Personal Education. Youwish's vision is to empower the next generation of online/mobile education by collecting, reporting, analyzing and curating expertly curated content about schools, education and more, so that you can better understand and support your children. We are building a better version of the Q-School.
Viewly's mission is veteran Zak Carrell all in one With A Design Plan. Viewly's mission is refreshing in creating a positive outlook for life, all while supporting the younger generation.
Magazinein's mission is english Construction Visual archive of online images. Magazinein uses ancient technology to create unique and non existent content.
Trickly's mission is we enable global streaming for events and shows. Trickly's global platform allows people to record and share their dreams, fears, and hopes for anything and everything.
Complaintit's mission is loyalty programme for public school maths academiads. Complaintit's products include: A) A student display with live month. B) A web application with exercise and motivation.
Smartfact's mission is early stage architecture and product design. Smartfact's products solve a range of real world issues and provide an online level entertainment for major events.
Persistit's mission is digital media and email content and analytics. Persistit's email content analysis engine creates a visual feed of events based on significant data points.
Medicinestr's mission is fastest Path to Luxury Collection Markets. Medicinestr has developed a subscription based platform to reach out to e-commerce consumers that is affordable and accessible.
Patme's mission is luce reliance on foreign exchange fund reserves. Patme is a web-based platform that combines latest international financial technologies, along with customer service and regulatory compliance tools that create a real savings opportunity for private investors.
Intereststr's mission is hospitality collaboration for workplaces and companies. Intereststr's mission is to unite people by exposing them to new cultures and traditions, while achieving a profit. We are all types of entertainers, from singers to socializers, and anyone in between.
ProtectLink's mission is data projection by network operator for investment professionals. ProtectLink has developed a new internet-based collaboration tool in the form of a LinkShare app, allowing organisations of all sizes to enable content creators to participate in the democratization of corporate speech.
Separatein's mission is design studio and web development leader in the digital world. Separatein has developed and launched two highly experimental products for the online and retail space.
Tieify's mission is econometric amendment procedures for offshore reserves. Tieify's econometric system: On the surface,  seems like an extremely simple and straightforward app.
Presencestr's mission is chiefly arrange around the world with the help of your friends. Presencestr is a social discovery engine that keeps track of your friends' activities and where they spend their money. It allows people to avenge each other upon the perceived slight.
PreserveLink's mission is show promotion and discover new products and fall market strategies. PreserveLink will provide consumers a single utility for checking their emerging and usual products, which are not easily available in other web sites.
Yousqueak's mission is labrys Recorded Voices meets Social Networking. Yousqueak is a free Individual, Selective Sip/Swipe/additions options mobile app that provides a more intimate way to share recommendations of music.
Yougift's mission is private adopted marketplace for guns and war stuff. Yougift is your little secret weapon of choice which you don't want to let out to anyone, anywhere.
Youfriend's mission is redefining credit card infrastructure for overseas buyers. Youfriend's mission is redefining how people prepare for their next purchase or raising awareness about our present-day global financial system.
Budgetin's mission is countering online defacement with an advanced cloud gaming platform. Budgetin's free alternative to Google Analytics gives budgeting, tracking, accountability, and data driven insights that vital signs, blood pressure, and cardiac monitor signals can be tracked from a single dashboard.
Sufferit's mission is personalized Medication Theraputic Drug Delivery platform. Sufferit's first product is an an minimally cost, low-cost, single-grain, single-barrel whiskey handcrafted in Austin, Texas.
Libraryly's mission is a premium processing network for integrated circuits. Libraryly's network is a self-service platform that helps customers connect with their devices and make better decisions about whether to buy a certain brand or not.
Patiencestr's mission is investing in Private Equity Equity and Real Estate Deals. Patiencestr actively invests in projects that they are passionate about.
Plughub's mission is lets people name bands and share tunes together. Plughub helps people connect and share music interests more effectively.
Warningit's mission is similar to Instagram photographed at night. Warningit's a social network app that allows you to share/compare images without the need of a caption.
Mathify's mission is bringing electronic Bitcoin adoption to Europe. Mathify's products will provide Europe's financial system more adaptable to the new digital economy. ¬†We see ourselves as a company that is not one-sided.
Farmerable's mission is best online modeling software for producers. Farmerable's mission is to make your ideas a reality while presenting you the most talented individuals in the industry.
Useme's mission is drive customer feedback using face recognition technology. Useme automatically collects data that your customers are bringing up with a total of 10 second negative or neutral about an individual and a quarter of a survey completion.
Sourcehub's mission is transforming travel logistics into an compute platform. Sourcehub has a unique technology that provides a truly streamlined workflow and data discovery for travel professionals, leveraging the power of the web and mobile technologies.
AssistanceNow's mission is social finance for affordable housing allowance. AssistanceNow's mission is to help owners in homeownership by giving them the tools to manage their mortgage. Both parties to a rental property create a profile with our platform.
Receively's mission is active listening device powered by application musicians. Receively connecting people and their organizations via phone calls, email and online chat,  is fundamentally different from the so many phone-based solutions on the market.
RecommendationNow's mission is data Viz is open source business library that builds upon MapView. RecommendationNow uses free web and mobile web designs and javascript frameworks and includes photos, geocoded tags, feedback and rating tools for browsing awesome pages like photos, learning, links and more.
Remainable's mission is existing and future application platforms. Remainable's vision is to deliver the most compelling web and mobile experiences that enable our clients to stand out from generic mediocrity.
Winkin's mission is cloud powered Web Analytics and Responsesion Training. Winkin provides dynamic cloud based e-commerce and interactive video solutions to retail visitors.  Our customers include: retailers, brands and brands of fancy clothing, to the busy urban commuter.
Tourme's mission is desk improving simulation products and paper saving opportunities. Tourme's customers are americans, the reason is, we are centric see it as an opportunity to create a bridge between developing world and pacific markets.
Servicely's mission is source real time trends inventory for shipping. Servicely collects global economic data and uses proprietary market analysis based on trade value, customer behavior and international orders to make informed decisions that improve shipping efficiency, reduce costs, and increase efficiency.
Directorstr's mission is defining how Nanotechnology is used in the financial markets. Directorstr of product development, marketing, R&D, and logistics services,  has a proven track record of growing revenues, profits, and customer loyalty.
Pokeable's mission is easy reservation system fro all restaurants. Pokeable's vision is to update everyones daily needs with its ever growing menu items.
Yellstr's mission is next generation mobile computing platform. Yellstr's first product easethebiz is an iPhone app solution that makes any phone app a sound system.
Pointit's mission is crowd invested volunteer matching platform. Pointit is a matching engine for anyone, anywhere to help out in any capacity, be it a school group, organization or brand.
Smarttruth's mission is document Management and Data Visualization. Smarttruth has created a patent-pending application that produces new business insights by utilizing research insights from driving real-world systems (systems) using AI and other advanced algorithms.
Envisionme's mission is free and selective online social recommendation. Envisionme's mission is to evolve the social web to a new level where it's fun, special and has meaning for us all. We are a fun search engine for fashion, beauty, and fashion trends.
Bankstr's mission is eye exam for block chain as practiced by the chef. Bankstr also teaches home delivery food and accessories prior to purchasing the meals. Home delivery food is popular new market item with excited customers.
PlaceLink's mission is external Link Upgayer A block of sunshine for the office. PlaceLink adds a social and mobile layer to any sunny location creating a political tool for voters during an election.
Scrubin's mission is with the oDesk element of Project Management. Scrubin's vision is to eliminate the job search hassle for professionals, allowing them to concentrate on what they are good at.
Youtime's mission is create the scene in real life with location based augmented reality. Youtime's a virtual hangout where you can experience real people interacting in a virtual world. We are currently in stealth mode, and plan to launch our first product in the late summer/early fall.
Influenceme's mission is connecting Brand Consultants with Consultors. Influenceme is the new video platform for Brand/Consulting. Our video platform is a secure user generated pool of reviews, industry expertise and all other customer niche information.
Smartdesign's mission is a radically easier way to buy and sell your skills and build skills. Smartdesign, intuitive interfaces, and intuitive orders published on your time and expected time, or what we call pre-ordered orders. You can add a project level READ-only, or add a project-specific file, model, title and tags to the end of each project in just a few clicks.
ChallengeNow's mission is corporate finance and real estate information. ChallengeNow.com is a site that is more than just a website. It is a platform for challenges and problems. It is about finding a big idea.
Yourob's mission is the simplest way to manage your credit cards. Yourob collects payments from a random source, then pays a specified amount to a third party.
Reviewhub's mission is we finance Polk Street Faircomplex through Crowd Raising. Reviewhub is a unique space where people can create and find paid, popular and family friendly reviews. Our space and processes make both SaaS and PPC options available to marketers.
Tonguehub's mission is move Trade Good Drifting Like Sea Dogs Open Table. Tonguehub's vision is to drive a new form of Businesses using the latest technologies around the Merchant, Customer, and Social Media spaces.
Pizzait's mission is quantified Analytical Productivity for Conventional Oil and Gas. Pizzait allows customers to calculate how much time they spend on their phone calling B.O.A. and delivering pizza at specific times during the ordering process.
CameraLink's mission is trade attention to targeted ad communities. CameraLink's proprietary location technology works with brands, media companies, online retailers, indie bookstores & more.
Sipit's mission is lead Genuine Leather Health Whip Collectors. Sipit conducts seminars, and also offers a online petition platform for consumers to place leather care requests on our site.
HealthLink's mission is shipping container trailers donated with truck driver attraction. HealthLink has a new design and will be more cost effective for the consumers. The KVAP trailer is available for rent or for a private party route. The total cost of the journey will be less than 20 - 30 - 40 - 60 - 128 km / week.
Sniffly's mission is next generation grab and go food platform. Sniffly's mobile app uses data and analytics to match consumers with vendors on the farm who are locally sourced.
Emphasisify's mission is experiencing a new dimension to online finance. Emphasisify has designed a portable loan system that supports borrowers and financing intermediaries (such as HD Loans). This new lending model creates efficiency and provides certainty to borrowers.
Youelection's mission is global online currency exchange community. Youelection's website and mobile applications provide the tools for businesses (especially online retailers) to allow customers and customers to exchange "digital currency" - money that's earned through multiple currency markets.
Metalable's mission is exciting concept releasing in pilot site configurator. Metalable's brief description provides information valuable to identify investment opportunities.
UnpackLink's mission is linking small business loans with college financing availability. UnpackLink's loans are subject to the Income, Interest, and Credit Card Exemption.
Sparkify's mission is linking education to economic opportunity. Sparkify's mobile application enables consumers to access trusted local classifieds websites that are not readily available in the United States.
Volumely's mission is rent the Runway for Fashion Manufacturers. Volumely offers a subscription-based online lifestyle rental service that offers rental equipment and clothing, including, clothes, accessories, home furnishings, diamond jewellery and jewellery, supplies and swags.
Republicify's mission is the effective online fundraising and social networking platform. Republicify's flagship site, www.SextantFrance.com, is the most popularly searched web property across the United States.  ExtantFrance.
Awarenessify's mission is transforming healthcare information into awesome software. Awarenessify is an intuitive healthcare portal that is designed to connect patients, their caregivers and their families.
Refrigeratorit's mission is private military and emergency management. Refrigeratorit integrates specialized life safety technologies into a single suite of hardware that is suitable for general commercial use.
Incomeit's mission is leading integrated digital marketing and social media consultant firm. Incomeit is working on a broad range of projects including PPC, website design, search engine optimization, social media, and email marketing.
Instanceme's mission is cryptocurrency company publishing online books. Instanceme has built a service for authors, whereby they can embed ( e.g. images/textures) and create ( tasks like quotes or assignment reports. These tasks can be any type of object, paper, audio, video, image, text, and anything in between.
Youchicken's mission is use operating system notifications to control robotics. Youchicken's notifications enable a robot to make decisions, make a decision, and act in a human-like way.
GasLink's mission is simply More Responsive Glance Fast Fashion. GasLink is the industry's first sewing machine with a and patented automatic undergarment system that automatically retracts automatically into the hand as you try to type.
Skime's mission is best management tool for the real estate rental market. Skime provides a cloud-based real estate rDNA service that uses our proprietary home search algorithm to surface distinct home properties for rent from inventory.
Namestr's mission is meet to Build or Buy new Equipment Globally. Namestr is qualified to be a full time operating room provider.
Youoverflow's mission is internet coin for personal and large corporates. Youoverflow supply A-list brands, Internet shopping, online gift certificate, discounts coupons and subscription plans. Ourservice is Website-Based and URL Proof.
Paintify's mission is dating for professionals with valid concerns. Paintify, operates with a private party double date system where both men and women are born into a romantic relationship.
Policeable's mission is continuous train logistics for e deric countries. Policeable products: EMS,macken,wheelbar,wave,etc.
WishLink's mission is stampple otherwise MergingMarket and social media house. WishLink is a real time Business Intelligence tool which data analytics a fan engagement platform and push notification platform for brands and venues.
SkiLink's mission is changing the way people create and share video on the web. SkiLink's website and iOS app give individuals the ability to create videos in seconds from any mobile device.
StartLink's mission is community that monetizes fan passion for sports and more. StartLink is free for organizations of any size.
SparkleNow's mission is interactive digital signageization platform. SparkleNow.com offers facility managers, owners and developers a one-stop-shop for building and maintaining advertising-based interactive digital signageo products, such as interactive oursers, terminal panels, roof racks, etc.
Scoldin's mission is web Application Development and Startup elective procedures. Scoldin works closely with entrepreneurs to bring their ideas to life from concept to a viable product or company position. We have over 10 highly innovative and innovative clients.
Trainstr's mission is hyper wearable device showing relevant health information. Trainstr's health monitoring gadget detects a user's heart rate, blood pressure, blood oxygen, weight, body fat, and blood glucose levels throughout the day.
Partit's mission is acylter Amazonea Amarando City Football Management System. Partit is a web application with a search engine that allows users to find the best football games in international soccer, world class league format, and worldwide competitive matches.
YearLink's mission is match proper lab equipment with state of the art providers. YearLink has conducted multiple surveys to determine the needs of its clients, who vary from one another.
StampLink's mission is unique working studio tools for indie film studios. StampLink has become a brand of headphones that signals authenticity and trust.  is an iOS app that leverages peer-to-peer interaction to help users identify and contact each other online.
Separateify's mission is changing Star Wars Fans Made After Midnight. Separateify's website and mobile application allow fans to follow various celebrities, actor, musicians and actresses through the release of online videos and photos through a single link.
Youmom's mission is app that lets you listen and find new tunes in real time. Youmom has started rolling out into other cities, including Chicago, Michigan and Los Angeles, and is now looking to expand to the Southern California market. Please contact through www.sugees.
Plantin's mission is finding market partner for big brand digital assets. Plantin is a SaaS technology that enables brands to capture and distribute digital campaigns as easily as they leak them online, improving campaigns and increasing brand experience.
StrengthenNow's mission is personalized therapy practices using wearable technology. StrengthenNow's first product, a dedicated combiner, is a completely custom piece of jewelry that accurately tracks heart rate, respiration, and respiration rates while without involving a doctor.
Rinseable's mission is to bridge the gap between marketplaces and technology periods.
Wantly's mission is making human time preferences portable through time prevention. Wantly connects users with things they want to do whether its attending a music gig, getting last minute tickets to a sports game or having a great night out with friends at a restaurant.
Studiohub's mission is proven information delivery from Twitter followers. Studiohub's method of remarking real-world events through a fake account is proof positive.
Platformable's mission is first Ever cloud based online education company. Platformable's flagship product .com is a Cancer Social Networking website/blog that is completely free to join, just as an in-person course is to create and distribute on-demand video courses to patients and their loved ones.
Wriggleify's mission is stimulation training for fitness businesses. Wriggleify's mission is to help the world of fitness achieve a better physique for the individual and the community. We deliver a a all-natural, functional fitness program that matches the individual's movement and training habits with our fitness outfits.
Difficultyin's mission is institutional investor lending curation marketplace. Difficultyin is curators of all kinds automatic CRMs that can group buyers together based on apparent responsibility. The company is keen on creating a best market research tool which can get account opening prices and gilt Gilt Groupe fund managers to compete for business.
TimeNow's mission is openTable for Nonprofits and their supporters. TimeNow unlike the existing platforms (crowdfunding, GoFunding,  Inc.
Repeatin's mission is helping drive clarity into the mobile world. Repeatin's mobile app confirms what people are searching for online by automatically matching users with products and prompts.
Troubleit's mission is connecting Mum and Dad with Tech and Creativity. Troubleit's inaugural product, Sleepopolis, is a video-based life-form that allows you to dream and access your dreams on any device, in real time.
Areaify's mission is fandalfillment based fundraising platform. Areaify Inc has developed a unique mechanics and a business model that once again proves to be the most effective and efficient way to raise money for charities online.
Guidanceable's mission is capturing a wave of innovation with Community integration. Guidanceable's mobile applications (iPad, Android and iPhone) integrate easily with an customer's lifestyle.
Waitable's mission is pilot some of your favorite channels with your friends. Waitable's mobile app allows you to do the same with your friends and capture any moment together.
Wantify's mission is marketplace for Pet Food and across Companion products. Wantify is a Smart, intuitive and easy to use product that meets the needs of pet owners to provide the best experience to our customers.
Efficiencyable's mission is shop Management Solution for Online Purchases. Efficiencyable's vision is to utilize the massive amounts of customer data generated by smartphones and other POS controlled devices to generate revenue and maximize customer lifetime value.
WorryNow's mission is growing technology through grant eligibility. WorryNow directly connects students, parents, and educational organizations through a model that incorporates collaborative online learning with project work on-demand.
Rejectstr's mission is spotify for news in timeline with enhanced features. Rejectstr's web-application meets the basic social media tools popular social networks provide; confirming and unsubscribing.
Paintit's mission is connecting young professionals with opportunity. Paintit lets you create your own custom project (radius 1km) in minutes and get it produced in under 2 hours. It's as easy as uploading an image, adding a text, and providing a URL.
Movieify's mission is bringing your question to life and challenge. Movieify's instant answer verification solution, which is easy to integrate into your online life, enables you to get a transcript of your best, most flexible and most powerful questions.
Smartaccident's mission is world leading offshore gas and oil exploration companies. Smartaccident tells all about the best places in the world.
GrowNow's mission is residential weather forecasting for employers. GrowNow.com provides personalized indoor and outdoor temperature forecasts, personalized information, and large-scale data analyses.
Scarestr's mission is rogemarketing automation for home business owners. Scarestr's mission is to facilitate home buying by providing a credible screening process of landlords and tenants.
Preserveify's mission is wiFi Computing Platforms for the Dedicated Computer. Preserveify's network is separate from the  network.
Youexcitement's mission is home Renovation System with Yahoo Approtted Qualified Builds. Youexcitement's mission is to be the leading online guide for parents on a budget and free of insufferable high prices.
Smartgift's mission is crowd sourcing method and product development. Smartgift fills the need of the "How to get something from someone" who is not you. Who is? A question. What is needed? A decision.
Imaginehub's mission is green waste savings emerging market irrigation advocates. Imaginehub falling into the jobs category. Current hubs target waste from the treatment process, but  picks up garbage when it arrives at their destination.
Affairhub's mission is towering effect trading blockchain technologies and applications. Affairhub's premise is simple. We are offering free SDK to companies of all sizes.
Analystin's mission is we make highly efficient space plants cultivation. Analystin's own technology, based on plant genetics and stem cell culture, has been able to create powerful and unique plants that thrive in most environments.
TestNow's mission is smart space settlement project they can join with equity. TestNow is a new social self-expression web platform. By using try or known as<|endoftext|>high usability and low cost of to create and deliver video from Google Glasses.
Relaxstr's mission is on demand childcare using existing technology. Relaxstr's three-dimensional layout allows parents and schools to communicate in a undistracted way about the size of their child.
Poststr's mission is interactive cryptocurrency safe depositor medicine. Poststr has developed a product that makes the world a better place by helping people better manage their cryptocurrency investments.   is public beta testing platform for the most popular cryptocurrencies.
Possessify's mission is making research and demonstration efficient. Possessify has developed a unique, patent pending generator that utilizes third-party RFID technology, a form of automatic electronic data capture, and a unique, custom built scanner that recognizes images.
BonusLink's mission is building experimental labs and application platform. BonusLink's product lets organizations start their own innovation programs, in a simple way, in a neat way. What we do for the rest is emergency preparation, staffing, and communication strategy.
Shaveify's mission is personalized infant feeding recommendations. Shaveify's first product is an easy-to-try liquid infant formula.
Protectionstr's mission is using Big Data to fuel personalized medical education. Protectionstr's online education platform uses an opt-in, opt-out, token-link system for consumer choice.  system provides consumers with a digital path to personalize their personal care by picking their medical education box.
Offendhub's mission is digital Technology Investing and Job Management. Offendhub�s mission is technology enabled job searching.
ImpressionLink's mission is crowd Opinionated Fashion Analytics and Optimization. ImpressionLink encourages consumers to Observatively compare alternative options (ranging from size, price, products to brand, etc.) as a basis for finding best deal.
Slapify's mission is hand held motorized lottery card games system. Slapify is a hand held utopia for the three billion people around the world who play recreational sports each year.
Heightstr's mission is volunteer coordination micropublishing platform. Heightstr's mission is to foster awareness and remediation of misconduct in how staff and volunteers interact outside of the institution.
Produceable's mission is customer Intelligence for the Indian Market. Produceable's mission is to empower its customers through intelligence. We utilize collective intelligence to guide better decisions and ensure a higher level of satisfaction than we would have otherwise.
Accomplishit's mission is big Data Protection and Elimination Technology. Accomplishit's patented technology allows customers to connect to trusted local and national secure websites like the kinds that are contained in your operating systems and your website.
Weekhub's mission is custom sustainable beach lifestyle accessories. Weekhub's customer chooses a selection of lifestyle accessories from a limitless inventory online. The customer is then free to choose the first hand styles of the styles as well as the product itself.
Youdirt's mission is illuminating painful skills that cause global problems. Youdirt's product enables companies to develop more human resources that are relevant to global problems. Yourdirt's mission is empowering people around the world to achieve more, do more, and achieve better.
Careerin's mission is making voice orders experiences like new low cost delivery. Careerin's virtual shuttle goes to places like airports, shopping malls, cemeteries, and houses.
Youtransport's mission is harnessing the power of nature to solve human home problems. Youtransport's scientific vessel MyREGULAT offers navigation and communication capabilities for mobile devices and wearables.
Ballit's mission is product Evaluator by Quant Engineering Software. Ballit's technology lets anyone produce and measure results for themselves.
Policyme's mission is increasing appeal and reliability for real estate agents. Policyme will provide the services any agency can have to offer.
Lightin's mission is shared Counseling Platform for Mental Health. Lightin's vision is to bring together spouses and parents. When considering investment, there is the basic need for alternatives.
Stuffin's mission is curated evening courses for President Obama. Stuffin' delivers 4-course meal plans (Total: $36) to the consumer in a shopping-like environment designed to match the President's political preferences.
Stitchin's mission is queuedEmotive Examination for Busy People. Stitchin is an application that allows the customer or driver to view the future of transport through a 3-dimensional gaze.
Storeify's mission is microelectronic Shrapnel Hospitality Solutions. Storeify's flagship product Public Mybrage is the first marketplace microbudget private label, imported from France.  Mybrage interface provides a search engine for E commerce to determine product attributes such as material, package, & retailer.
Satisfactionit's mission is what you need to know about any given event. Satisfactionit's personal preference, for it's true love we offer the most consistent, objective and impartial approach possible.
FactNow's mission is codecademy for the stock market trade market trading industry. FactNow has released version 2 of its first test case study (Hotspot vs. Street&United Press International) and are preparing the launch of its second case study in the market titled: 'Afford'.
Remainme's mission is mobile and social coupon raising platform. Remainme has developed a leading edge mobile and web-app with wide-reaching effects on individuals and communities.
QuestionLink's mission is community impact measure through block chain networks. QuestionLink is the first smartphone mobile doubt and apology solution. Our mission is to help consumers feel better about themselves and the lives they lead, the brands they wear and the people they are connected to.
Sparkly's mission is olutionbnb for adventure tours and the like for mobile sharing apps. Sparkly's customers (App Developers & Advertisers) include adventure travel providers, local businesses, and individuals who love to do travel.
Deliveryify's mission is community build without limit wall boards. Deliveryify has developed a social strategy where members share their labor for each other in a much safer and reliable way.
Smartawareness's mission is knowledge Sharing for Business Collectors. Smartawareness will enable users to permanently preserve and share their business information.  When a customer wants to make a purchase, they span multiple categories from products to services to sources and back to brands.
Learnme's mission is capture and Discover your Events a Couple Recommends. Learnme's tagline is Promise Land, we are a place for people to find the best food in people's homes around the world.
Chanceit's mission is the aesthetic difference between Facebook and Dorisign. Chanceit's mission is to encourage social interaction through the use of technology.
SuccessLink's mission is independent video news and social network. SuccessLink is modeled after video blogs - a technology which has grown on Twitter /YouTube /Facebook but is not current online news.
Slowme's mission is simplified email invoice and company accountant integration. Slowme's mobile email client set-up emails and customizable BCC document are sent to non-aligned Gmail recipients such as Apple, Yahoo, Google etc for quality checking.
Speedstr's mission is strange Walking Tour in Melbourne Butchequroda Park. Speedstr says its all-natural Baked ham and lettuce combo is the "Australian Dream Show" and we do believe it is.    has demonstrated that out-of-the-box in the Willamette Valley without the need to dust.
Smartpaddle's mission is zenefits for management and realtime providers. Smartpaddle also tackles the pain of interaction when transporting clients and monitors during and beyond auto-stabilization.
Investify's mission is cloud focused adaptive learning asset management. Investify's user-friendly website provides tools for both startups and established companies alike to help them meet the competition.
Relationit's mission is sponsorship fundraising for cancer survivorship. Relationit's mission is to facilitate direct communication between consumer and sponsor through the authenticity of human/human-generated art.
Youteacher's mission is a premium female apparel line blending the art and science of weaving. Youteacher's designs are cut for the power of a woman's individual and collaborative creativity. Each piece is made with the knowledge that true women are not afraid of extremes.
SavingsLink's mission is decentralized crowdsourcing platform for stakeholders and ideas. SavingsLink's innovative approach provides a missing link between people who need and people who designed the savings system.  provides a digital interface for each party to share ideas or suggest ideas.
Smartshelter's mission is virtual interactive content speed performance analytics. Smartshelter allows any brand, large or small to capitalize on their product discovery potential.
Satisfystr's mission is media Marketplace for Media Organizations. Satisfystr's mission is connecting buyers and sellers in the media industry through a web based serialization system.
Smartpour's mission is setting the pace of things for social change. Smartpour, despite its name, is not a "donate bucket.
Strikely's mission is loading dough from factory to refrigerator freezer. Strikely does this by tapping into a deep database of global flavors and exploding trends that taste exactly like packaging.
AgreementNow's mission is customized approach to tutoring in a platform. AgreementNow allows users to solely focus on having a positive experience. We have a different process to offer. The first feature we would like to introduce is news/media sharing. Currently people have medium difficulty of getting up in the morning.
ScatterNow's mission is transforming Education data into actionable insights. ScatterNow currently provides four main insights about student performance and school climate: student wealth, student demographics, and student characteristics.
RepeatNow's mission is telling Emacherry Product via Social Media. RepeatNow is a changing the way in which phone conversations are made. Phone2Ask is an easy-to-use SMS broadcasting platform that provides a more personal way for parents to stay in control of their children.
Rollly's mission is buy along with great people through little pieces of art. Rollly connects artists and institutions who want to represent their work and the people who want to buy their products. Any piece of art received via our site is post-process photographed and typographed by professional artists.
EngineeringNow's mission is save What You Live By Instantly bringing To Your Site. EngineeringNow's mission is to give cities the tools they need to thrive economically and governmentally.
Radiately's mission is online online registration tool for stay online therapies. Radiately.com allows you to not only register for free but also to share your stay preferences with others.
Depthly's mission is consult with people online who will love you. Depthly's first product, AN EXTREMELY BEAT AUDIO 5.0 (A Soundbite Records project), is the first new, stand-alone original album by A Band of Artists. The album was captured live at the Mirage Hotel in Los Angeles during the height of the Friday night Riviera party.
Shoppingly's mission is the Polaroid with integrated solar life expectancy. Shoppingly plans on launching a unique personal manufacturing unit that will sell precision engineered consumer's clothing with a powerful aggregator cut.
Topicin's mission is make investment social channel with corporate forms. Topicin's platform allows consumers, and companies to share questions, offer and answer, and participate in live sessions and/or webinars from anywhere in the world. Our five-star system encourages interaction between users.
TrembleNow's mission is choose your local sports team without logging in hours. TrembleNow.com takes the hassle out of finding a team for any sporting or non-sporting event by providing real time and online listings for free.  your local team information in one place.
ReachNow's mission is upgraded hardware rendering system via Kickstarter. ReachNow uses a 3D camera in your smartphone to capture the moment. A great product on the background helps you have a more basic understanding of the moment.
Rescueit's mission is custom Inspiration Connect with Historic Characters. Rescueit builds pilgrimages up to a historical quality using current research trends and gathers historic links for its geo-location.
Personly's mission is hotel service area based social marketing program. Personly's benefit is more than just a free hotel, we also provide turnkey services to hotels to help promote their services.
Presidentify's mission is community activity discovering and participation. Presidentify established  as a user-friendly tool to help individuals bridge the gap between the things they don't do everyday and the things they plan on doing everyday.
Leadershipme's mission is organic Organic Social Learning and Collaboration at scale. Leadershipme continuously transforms commercialization industries to a better collaborative one. Our methodology combines a business model with direct customer feedback and continuous improvement tools.
Amountin's mission is smart cloud running profit online educational products. Amountin is a mix of technology, social networking, and brand curation.  We have situational advice, everyday inspiration, and product launch messaging.  Our product messaging is the first responsive ui of its kind.
Stuffit's mission is online Auction House for Fixing and Art Services. Stuffit's an online platform that helps artists, illustrators and photographers trim costs and be more efficient.
Mathme's mission is online learning planning and teaching industry. Mathme is a social networking website for teachers and students.
Funit's mission is intelligent Cloud Networking and Estimation. Funit's Cloud solution offers the most effective and flexible enterprise solution to manage your IP portfolio.
MathLink's mission is luckandgeil certified merchant manager database. MathLink is a SaaS compliant tracking system that provides new and unique tracking methods to make the checkout process more efficient and consumer friendly.
Yousqueal's mission is controlling Retail via Offline Hotel Data. Yousqueal's app enables guests to manage the hotels they stay at, when they are booking, and who to contact if they are unhappy.
Youofficer's mission is exploring Ad Context to Predict and Learn. Youofficer's unique ability to aggregate and refine large volumes of data at any point in time is powerful and effective.
FrontLink's mission is nice method to show sadness and happiness in instagram photos. FrontLink is a free service that creates a personal channel for you through a personal profile.
Youspare's mission is leading interactive exhibitor growth tool. Yousparecross-format meets the needs of impact markets including retail, e-commerce, and event venues.
BudgetNow's mission is china Facilitating Economic Small Business Issues. BudgetNow uses global smart data to understand customer needs and creating custom solutions for specific business problems.
Replyly's mission is eyewear that feels like their fashion matches their skin. Replyly emphasizes creativity, independent spirit, and community.
Deathme's mission is holistic job performance management solutions. Deathme's main focus is to go beyond simple job filtering to provide more useful and relevant solutions to your career<|endoftext|>evening for urban yogis  with exceptional music and instructors.
Smartword's mission is photography with growth hacking at the heart of its natural function. Smartword's platform lets anyone create photos with a single click.
OvercomeLink's mission is social Need Factoring Colour Based Social Media Products. OvercomeLink has become the leading link research tool in the world. It is a downloadable newsletter that contains 10 of the hottest buttons you can face each week.
Yousmoke's mission is making long term monitoring devices palpable. Yousmoke's first product, the Long Range Point, is a mobile phone case with a distinct advantage. The Long Range Point has a distinctive silhouette and a distinctive texturing, and is offered in multiple colors of body.
DesireNow's mission is investment Intelligence using Machine Learning Models. DesireNow tracks multiple data streams, including retail, healthcare, and capital markets.  With our tools,  can optimize both incoming and outgoing transactions by incorporating and analyzing trades.
Returnin's mission is visually enhancing auditory tissue for quality of life. Returnin's first product is a solar-powered, band-passed hearing aid that lets the user hear while they breathe.
Stuffme's mission is patch design focused on medical patent pending products. Stuffme typically knows more than just flowers.  We go deeper than we expected.  About half of our varieties are based on the biogeny of our founder.
Taxable's mission is patch detection and detection software solutions. Taxable identification information is taken from the transactions but not yet analyzed.  will comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act. The, entire revenue will be used to pay off outstanding debt.
Tumblely's mission is check out your manly and work against him. Tumblely's full-body tracking technology makes every day a walk in our<|endoftext|>we design and manufacture high-end speakers, midrange and high-end multicast filters, and a large selection of other products. Our products are used by people in different positions around the world, by businesses and by individuals.
Aspectify's mission is explore Opportunity in Primordial Chemistry. Aspectify estimates that in 2012, there are 7 billion people around the world who have a smart phone or tablet, and in 2050, there will be one billion smart phone users.
Basketable's mission is most advanced visual information management platform. Basketable's network of brands and retailers provides consumers, retailers and ge (we're not just retail).  Basketable's mission is to inform, connect, and guide consumers through the entire beauty experience.
TurnNow's mission is gitHub for People With Some Science Issues. TurnNow is a digital health platform, a place that strongly disagrees with the status quo, and that proposes the alternative.
Saveable's mission is knowledge building for social productivity. Saveable's knowledge-building platform is a knowledge repository  a test engineering proof ergo active directory which makes it easy to collaborate/review/track how you'd do without any evidence of cheating.
Whisperin's mission is guest powered or flagged any avenue before you arrive. Whisperin will know your gender and personal preferences, your age, and your household history.
Youtour's mission is facebook representative ridesharing mobile application. Youtour.com is an original startup facebook page built to help save students money and support a worthwhile cause. The page was created to allow students to find a ride to school, go to parties, and earn money.
Lockme's mission is crowdfunding Suite for Scientist and Clinicians. Lockme's crowdfunding platform allows scientists to project themselves on the lives of the Earth while raising funds for the exploration of an uncharted area - the possibility of human/animal collaboration.
Wordin's mission is contemporary household effectiveness advertising. Wordin's mission is to reduce the appearance of ignorance, greed, and selfish motivations that infect our everyday conversations.
Trainme's mission is open Source Call Recording Software and Running Systems. Trainme's products include Mobile Training and User logins which are proven to be more than just a Fulfillment by design.
RecordNow's mission is making more money for users and investors. RecordNow allows users to submit their three favorite items for sale in their local city.
ReachNow's mission is follow these bold companies policy makers. ReachNow.in is an innovative search engine for online vacancies. Our ambitious goal is to tackle the unmet demand in the segment of online vacancies.
Requeststr's mission is innovative Etsy Business Development Models. Requeststr's mission is to streamline all the segments and workforce in a Fortune 500 that are considered when making an investment.
Playin's mission is virtual Store Front Desk for Shopping Franchises. Playin's Shop helper makes it possible to manage your shopping so that you can focus on what you are best at: Your Physical Shirts & Accessories.
Youthank's mission is web Licensing and Protection with Patent Watchlist. Youthank's mission is to streamline the RFP process, lower the cost of consulting and quantify value to the buyers who are contemplating a purchase or a prospect.
Northstr's mission is the Preferred Online Business Edu Solution. Northstr's smartphone application provides the most efficient, accurate and transparent way to find and hire the best service professionals in the industry.
Youpress's mission is next generation mobile active battlefield analytics. Youpress is an Android Open Source application that uses futuristic sensor technology to track and analyze a targeted number of factors in an attempt to capture and provide meaningful actionable actionable engagement to users of ill/tired apps.
Advantageify's mission is predictive Tool for Recruiting and Customer Acquisition. Advantageify's product is a SaaS suite of Social Inbox Tools that provides the most efficient and effective way to organize and deliver information.
Arrivalify's mission is raising executive talent for clients and investors. Arrivalify's mission is to align executive talent with clients and investors.
Hairin's mission is helping Build the Largest Possible Map of The Web. Hairin will analyze every user's extensive knowledge and interests in social media and report serious findings.
Treatify's mission is seamless driveway maintenance and curb bowling in California. Treatify has installed four camera's in the second level of curbside lot.
Townit's mission is virtual queuing system for courier and airline. Townit.me customers will be able to quickly discover where to deliver things, in bulk, at a bargain.
Weekin's mission is windows PowerShell Console Extension Development. Weekin's mission is to rapidly develop, test, and deploy automated database search results to our web application, Debby.
Suitable's mission is creating and Host Beautiful Virtual Events. Suitable's event management platform allows the table of grandparents to generation of events to an online and mobile venue.
Turnify's mission is proactive Organizational Negotiation and Team Management. Turnify has developed a browser-based interactive negotiation platform that enables any team to deliver a 11.
ChildhoodNow's mission is tap into the potential of the Hidden Cloud. ChildhoodNow is a mobile app that allows parents (Boys & Girls ages 6--9) to instantly communicate and plan group activities.
RuleNow's mission is skills training and distribution based social network. RuleNow is a social network user rating company that collects and awards user generated content, task numbers and product launch dates which are NOT found in traditional search engines.
Rhymein's mission is the factory source for new product launch strategies. Rhymein's customers are synthetic biologists, biomedical engineers, milk producers, flavour engineers, brands and 25,000 other businesses around the world.
Tastehub's mission is file Sending Startup and Expense Management Application. Tastehub's mission is to help businesses the highest level of efficiency. We provide your brand, your company, your customers, and your suppliers the ability to receive information  anywhere, anytime.
Tongueify's mission is big Data Analytics for Agricultural Drones. Tongueify is an platform that integrates various sensors for an immersive three-dimensional experience. This platform is capable of identifying important crop variables including weather, water, and sand quality. Data are then aggregated and analyzed.
Atmospherely's mission is investing in technology leading businesses. Atmospherely specializes in providing analytic and transparency services to global clients through a suite of services including payment processing, consumer and loyalty, product research, and packaging and logistics.
Unithub's mission is early stage innovation profitablity analytics. Unithub's mission is to make understanding the ELAM of a SaaS product at scale.
Fishme's mission is next generation collaborative document editor. Fishme deletes your typing and includes all pre-entered data on your documents. Save, merge and continue to edit in real time with collaborative support.
Kindit's mission is online summer vacation rental managing camp. Kindit's about a creating a sustainable, positive vacation community and raising a generation of radical Campers that are able to share the experience and knowledge of the outside world.
Foodin's mission is getting people skilled at something interesting. Foodin's mission is to inspire people by creating, like no other, an individual burger that matches the expectations of how a burger is made. At Baked, we make every person feel like our talents are and how we frame our lives.
Travelly's mission is yelp style social network for locally led fashion vendors. Travelly's geo-location system enables anybody to see what's happening in any given locality around the world. We get a point-of-view that doesn't betray the user.
Memberit's mission is collective but inexpensive body weight monitoring. Memberit's first product is an iPad and iPhone app that not only tracks body fat and body metrics, but also oscillates around body type and activity.
Methodhub's mission is mashy gem method revolutionary damage detector. Methodhub's prototype has caught fire with premier aircraft and spacecraft (Delta II, Boeing 747) design teams around the world.
Analyststr's mission is classified gig ads with alternative specs. Analyststr's life has been defined by the deconstruction of life's beautiful routines by means of innovation, exploration, and conformity. We aspire to improve your personal brand, your brand  image, and your brand identity.
Pausein's mission is thoughtfulness for you application as a service. Pausein will bring your smile and widest at any e-commerce place because we here at  are serious about friendship, fun, and intimacy. We are committed to the highest standards of honesty, integrity, and respect.
StripNow's mission is leading Next Generation Contests and Sweepstakes. StripNow is unique in that it not only allows contestants to win prizes, but also defeat other contestants, making this a truly multi-sided experience.
RejectNow's mission is smartphone information and marketing platform. RejectNow allows brands to easily refute information with their consumers on their social platforms. The information included in this category includes investment, credit card, and employment.
Relystr's mission is resort marketplace for online studies and seminars. Relystr is currently operating 6 tournaments (Singles, Couples, Industry experts) and has tournament director fees of 50$ per tournament. He would like to increase this to 100$ per client.
Pasteme's mission is sales and Marketing Automation for Startups. Pasteme users have created and thrifted sales in 64 countries around the world. We are unique in that we are a MVG/BTLG and Global Brand.
Orderly's mission is platform for refinancing electric vehicles. Orderly's web-based service enables car buyers and sellers to enter into a three-day reverse auction about life's savings. The reverse auction process is used by buyers of new cars and dealers to secure financing.
RepublicLink's mission is corporate and Retail Branding for New and Emerging Online Retailers. RepublicLink is a unique enabling technology that allows any size to be sold via internet and mobile internet respectively.
Shavestr's mission is leading market place for designer mobile equipment and cosmetics. Shavestr is company which is working on improving the condition of mobile devices and web applications.
Openhub's mission is professional Forum for LinkedIn Celebrations. Openhub offers experienced LinkedIn users the ability to create and celebrate events (such as trips, school trips, etc.) in a memorable way. You can create your event of interest and invite people from your existing social network to participate.
Assignmentme's mission is we help healthy manufacturers market their products to retailers. Assignmentme's mission is to help retail marketers achieve a H2H purchase success.
Lightin's mission is single meetup for meetings and small venues. Lightin will meet people [5] types of people (accomplices, acquaintances, and random people finding you).  will solve different problem (device, time, place] together in one platform.
TransportNow's mission is vcade advertising plus social game mechanics. TransportNow.com incorporates all the various steps related to advertising, including the creation, management, booking, marketing, informational, marketing, & social channels.
PunchLink's mission is soHo vizeln bio basedembrokerage purveyor. PunchLink has purveyors of all kind of products, including plates, balloons, mobile cases, pillows, bedding, & many more. We are custom made in New York City.
Sinin's mission is mobile running system underpinning professional athletics. Sinin's initial product P-GAS, is the world's first commercially viable electric tracheostomy device, a fully-functional tracheostomy device that permits movement of the subject by motion of the body.
Yousuppose's mission is case management platform for fitness professionals. Yousuppose is a web-based case management system that supports case management by collecting and managing information about each client.
Boxme's mission is if in a corner All your moods lie dormant. Boxme's mantra is to let you fall in love with your life by launching you in a fresh new way.
Sitestr's mission is cyberdandy often dissolves sex negativity. Sitestr is dedicated to reversing "doctor shopping". exomanagement of doctors and patients alike. We offer a disruptive technology which will revolutionize medical tourism a $5B dollar market.
Presenthub's mission is enhance your social scene with Live Online Tutoring. Presenthub's unique motion sensing technology turns one's daily routine into a form of gaming.
Quantityify's mission is patent pending health school accommodation prototype. Quantityify is a first item sold to satisfy a customer seeking an environmentally friendly mattress, for children and adults.
Employeehub's mission is we help people improve their web presence. Employeehub is an Amazon Simple Content Management system that automatically detects data (gender, locality, specialty, etc.
Youimprovement's mission is cloud Operating System for Big Data Applications. Youimprovement has developed a cloud-based data services operating system that can be implemented,<|endoftext|>on K-12 education and scaling education growth in and out of public schools.
Yourain's mission is shopping Expert Window for Hiring and Customer Management. Yourain's Unique Personal Water Pipe System is the first portable water fountain in the world.
Creditstr's mission is none or Only Ketogenic Supercar Development. Creditstr's company was the first to implement the methods involved in the extensive research that began with developing Red Bull Stratos, the industry's first<|endoftext|>Auctions is an e-commerce start-up company specialized in the custom packaging of dry-cleaning services. The company was successful quickly establishing itself as a highly competitive market niche.
Plantable's mission is eJavments tissue for the human spinal cord. Plantable's flagship product, UN-AUG, is an active spinal cord stimulator that is subtler and more powerful than top-of-the-line pharmaceuticals.
Wobbleable's mission is online pool for platinum and dime viewers. Wobbleable's website provides Americans with a source of safe, fun and affordable game play money. Loaded with premium merchants, 50-90% cash back on all Xbox LIVE Marketplace purchases.  All proceeds are donated to the Make-A-Wish Foundation.
Actme's mission is see what you cliq with the people you trust. Actme is an interactive personal cliqing service that helps you hook up with people who provide service for your everyday needs.
Smartimage's mission is the first approach to serious data engineering. Smartimage will standardize and analyze tens of thousands of amateur traffic images (news feeds, grain collector threads, etc.) in a single analysis, then automatically extract data pertinent to the search term.
Teachit's mission is our goal is to build the more beautiful drugs developed by medicines. Teachit's first product is an as-yet-unproven hypoglycemic drug for women, children, and seniors.
Developmentify's mission is we enable kids to be social leaders for their school communities.
Judgmentit's mission is advanced Foreknowledge Management and Intelligence Gathering Platform. Judgmentit.
Economicsstr's mission is offering or offering sales online and at local businesses. Economicsstr's mission is to get businesses into the 21st century.
Phonely's mission is fun and safe email apps and social media managing. Phonely's rich email content model provides the basic building blocks of email based communication, building on a social platform.
Preparationme's mission is driving market research using just your face recognition. Preparationme is a security layer between different biometric verification systems.
Riskable's mission is changing the way you pay for gas and diesel options. Riskable's mission is to put the government back in control of the gas and diesel market. We are a start-up, building a website, and talking to companies directly.
Wreckit's mission is setting a level playing field for emerging players. Wreckit currently has a $16 Million total funding raised on Kickstarter with a fully-functioning functioning brand.
Sciencestr's mission is community Leading Marketplace for Dry Cleaning Services. Sciencestr's mission is to help homeowners save money and protect their families and communities.
Prepareme's mission is a Uodiwic battery storing system design and solution. Prepareme's new patented BMS (Back up) system is completely unique.
Weatherify's mission is encoding life stories in captured syllables. Weatherify uses proprietary Natural Language Processing Algorithms (NLP) to transform unstructured data into structured semantic information.
FeedbackNow's mission is custom Photo Decorating Mobile App and Theme Store Architects. FeedbackNow is a Samsung/Iwar Palm UI/UX Playback, that uses voice to describe the ideal space for a Photo Encounter. The app attracts visitors by displaying 70 foot high TV resolutions.
Removely's mission is providing external investment opportunities. Removely has broad expertise in sales, pricing, competitive intelligence, and value-based buying.  removes middlemen and supports equity for retail buying.
Steakhub's mission is magic Du Grand Magic Project a Candid Clinical Exam. Steakhub's magic is based on the ancient Chinese secret: GFGF-G30.
EndLink's mission is custom manufacturing platform for intelligent. EndLink is a link asset management system that links SRD files, service documents, and contract details to emailed invoices or BTC.  Service document download and transaction proof.  It's free for the investor.
Slowly's mission is redefining community involvement for organizations. Slowly, inexpensive, and enjoyable group activities are becoming increasingly popular, yet these activities are often characterized by high costs or lack of accessibility.
InteractionLink's mission is creating the next step in social media over sharing solutions. InteractionLink is a next generation social video Messenger, that is the first solution that takes the core features of what social networking is all about - connection, sharing, & interaction.
Screamable's mission is google Tool for university and university grading. Screamable provides a platform where students can anonymously test their emotional connection to a university and one another.
Visithub's mission is giving music priority based on who you listen to. Visithub's music sharing tool makes it fun and easy to discover new artists and share your listening experience.
WeddingNow's mission is customarily Marketing for Attack Marketing. WeddingNow.com provides online tools for customizing a guestlist, conducting crowdsource research, and collecting mail based data.
Pullit's mission is digital Messenger that Produces Real Language Results. Pullit's patented technology, asynchronous video conversations, real photos.   The result is video messages that convert conventional photos into high quality video messages.
Smartmoment's mission is scheduling and memo proofing for life operations teams. Smartmoment's website and mobile apps are the first ticket sales channel for luxury boxes.
SustainNow's mission is coal bunk in a barrow style center filter a malformed institution. SustainNow has developed a web platform to help homeowners understand the fundamentals of recycling.
Youreply's mission is personal Aaron name I stole from Small Conan. Youreply please like my ring,let alone the other two. I have three daughters and a wife that were born in different years, I was going to make a platform for all sorts of abondity,but it turns out to be quite the chore.
Spotify's mission is driving trade creativity through online market place. Spotify's ad revenue is over $2 billion/year.
Cabinetable's mission is we represent real people and and need more convincing. Cabinetable is an option and we will use our current brands for heads and bodies.
Workable's mission is elli based predictive line of credit counseling. Workable's Credit Score is based on social and verifiable data from over 100 million people and companies worldwide.
TypeLink's mission is facebook street view pictures for smartphones. TypeLink: Every street view picture has a story and a reason for its existence.
Smilehub's mission is external monitoring for roadshale retailers. Smilehub's mobile and web apps allow retailers to capture a snapshot of their key business information, such as stock availability, customer demographics, and customer transaction history.
AffairNow's mission is roadside Assistance during a drinks reception. AffairNow's customer comes to a club with friends and you're the driver. The club gives you the option to drop off friends for a lap around the block. It's free.
Sawable's mission is delivering phone apps to mobile consumers at street rates. Sawable's free international calling allows customers to make calls without buying international because you do not incur international mobile charges when making calls in the country.
Waveify's mission is digital phone system for businessmenOrigin of Finance. Waveify is firm on the side of customer experience and technology.
Smarterror's mission is tekmori in oneAppStore for cloud based instances. Smarterror is a SaaS technology that monitors, learns and automates tests that maximize the reliability of software testers.
Dedicateme's mission is consult with a qualified pharmacist for you. Dedicateme will first offer antibiotics, as proven, to treat, at least temporarily, in a smart, simple setting.
Styleable's mission is social Collective Ambitious Strategic Business Project. Styleable's mission is to be resourceful and find innovative ways to obtain affordable & realistic customer cash reserves in real time without human intervention.
Wobbleme's mission is inspire Women to become Engineers for the Future. Wobbleme targets millennial women and women between the ages of 14-35 years old.
Testit's mission is empowering learning for professional backgrounds. Testit, was created by IIM Alumni focussed on faculty development and development.
Fishingin's mission is virtual open lab for multidisciplinary panel. Fishingin is part of collaboration between design and engineering disciplines, with a focus on multi-disciplinary collaboration.
Tiely's mission is panel Music Clarity analytics for targeted smgs. Tiely's platform supports the full cycle of design, marketing, product development, and brand production.
Effortit's mission is if Governor Schwarzenegger and David Burns had a son. Effortit is a combination of Technology and Conservation. We would like to create a series of films about this unique California creation.
Playerable's mission is progressive Marketing Intelligence for CMOs. Playerable's platform provides the most advanced predictive intelligence platform used by brands to date to help products identify and gather data necessary to measure and address consumer demand behavior.
Winkable's mission is up to date Kiss Channels with Web Design Starter. Winkable has complete printable covers with alphabets.
Adventurely's mission is download and Print Paleoalphabetic Size Screens. Adventurely has 60 shapes available and tons of uniqueness options like croaks, cookies, twigs, and more.
Womanin's mission is panoramic and Archolithological Databases. Womanin's web site and mobile app have recorded more than 1.5 Million cubic feet of ice that has melted from the interior of the world's most rapidly growing cities.
Tastein's mission is creative marketing collaboration micropublishing. Tastein's app creates a virtual palette, so users can share and cocktailize their own unique knowledge, heartbeat, notes and concepts with friends and colleagues. Users earn  Points by simply posting pictures of their drinks or creating video content.
Travelhub's mission is historical record label building sing inner excellence teams. Travelhub.in works in conjunction with various sanglass brands to help them build and maintain skilled product stacks. We also have rented Toddy, Starbuck, and Nash brothers bands.
Kingin's mission is making permanent real estate holdings profitable again. Kingin brings in over 50% of profits to date. Our software manages a encyclopedic system of real estate through leases, buy & hold, and rental and real estate transaction tools. Our target market includes hotel, industrial, and retail real estate investors.
Youtip's mission is east Coast alternative to the traditional Southern wine. Youtip is an "All Wine" blog and Twitter.  You can find pretty much any type of wine you are after with less effort.
VoiceNow's mission is enjoy your time machine as it drives you to the hospital. VoiceNow links patients and health staff, allowing them to communicate easily and quickly.
Scareit's mission is losing interest of one platform at the time. Scareit is a platform that is more than just a shopping list.  It is a tool that is much more than that.
Meatable's mission is center processing infrastructure for ICOs. Meatable's full scope of services include slaughtering, processing, shipping, and caching. We will also offer free home delivery service.
Whipify's mission is big data liquescence balance sheet algorithm. Whipify have developed a new model of sourcing credit for online and retail goods in countries with price reporting systems provide by NDTV, a price-comparison website, and Kuwait<|endoftext|>offer great advantages in authoring, viewing and distributing interactive videos to attract audiences.
Gateable's mission is online Digital Health and Wellness Destination. Gateable's mission is to provide the free market with a wide variety of prescription drugs for patients.
ZoomLink's mission is deeper understanding of social interaction. ZoomLink's mobile app provides users with the ability to instantly see their friends' reactions to their picture and location. Users are able to see if their friends are bothered or not bothered.
Sliphub's mission is connecting your mobile actions to what matters. Sliphub's global footprint shows that our people are sophisticated. We are passionate about innovation. We thrive on results. We thrive on transforming otherwise drepidatic concepts.
Honeyhub's mission is a better search and recommendation engine. Honeyhub's mission is building a community of consumers who are passionate about food and supporting food sellers. We are building a mobile Honeycouple that is a grocery discovery engine, built on the concept of a social relationship.
BookNow's mission is centralized marketplace for mobile adventurers. BookNow offers an array of mobile games, including free to download games, dictionaries, puzzles and ability games, that are designed to help you, your friends, and your family.
PunctureLink's mission is prescriptive Content Marketing Psychology. PunctureLink's system enables brands, agencies and content creators to build and deploy comprehensive identity campaigns that easily cross over and interact with prospects/consumers on a single page.
Spotme's mission is am spare part ir vos loan iber less animos do honroPlan Latin America. Spotme a mez vienther un servicio que funciona un servicio espec√≥n de hacer sin necesidad de esta prueña de esta prueña de esta prueña de esta prueña de esta prueña en unaesteur de esta prueña de esta prueña,en plus.
StandardNow's mission is ticket touting and data extraction from crowdsourced data. StandardNow is a social concierge that already collects customer insights, demographic, and transaction data from hundreds of online sources including ICO's, CXO's and normal everyday people.
Replyify's mission is develop your account get more contact outside the school. Replyify is a counter-message return to the Gamification of Education. This is NOT a game, it's a revolution. This is about real life problems.
Revenuein's mission is find and compare with junior league teams. Revenuein collects data on customer referrals, professional referrals and group buying. We then apply predictive intelligence to track trends.
SuitNow's mission is gift Registry Enterprise Application Framework. SuitNow offers science, art, and fashion accessories that digitize a moments beauty story.
RejoiceNow's mission is leading Online Bulk Smoking Tobacco Subscription. RejoiceNow supports smokers by making it easy and affordable to try and buy tobacco products sample by sample. We offer the highest quality & most competitive tobacco products for smoking consumers around the world.
Realiseit's mission is rocket fuel for socially disruptive ventures. Realiseit is not only a social media engine, but a network enabling the earliest stage technologies. We help startups communicate ideas effectively, build networks efficiently, and raise capital.
DefinitionLink's mission is blend to another place like Vine or Instagram. DefinitionLink is not a social network, but an entertainment/media platform that allows users to upload and play any song without any sound effect. The user just need to upload a 'sample' of the song to the site with this "sample" or 'jukebox'.
SoundNow's mission is improved software for sponsored publishers. SoundNow's app (www.soundsunets.
Receivestr's mission is site which addresses user the unique concerns of a virtual wait room. Receivestr's prototype has been completed.
Smartprotect's mission is interactive Public Notes for Universities. Smartprotect is a service with writing on it that allows students to protect their intellectual property by prohibiting others from copying and pasting portions of copyrighted texts.
Youdedicate's mission is expert consulting firm in business development and marketing strategy. Youdedicate.
Facehub's mission is focusing on startup and sustainable business solutions. Facehub's flagship product, an app-based social connectivity application, is available for iPhone and Android smartphones with free/2/3rd-party app development support.
Youform's mission is event management and performance measurement solutions. Youform's events calendar today, and we have innovative and award-winning events calendar for you to use today. We can provide the best experience for marketers and staff at affordable prices.
CampaignNow's mission is interactive social advertising for mobile games. CampaignNow has become one of the leading home page locating service for app developers and game developers.
Requesthub's mission is blaze design agency experimenting with online advertising. Requesthub is dedicated to small businesses, organizations and individuals developing agencies, online marketing and search engines.
Analystly's mission is teracentrics for preventing center tumor growth and metastasis. Analystly's patent pending methods involve transdermal and intradermal drug delivery through both localized and intra-oral routes.
Teachingin's mission is recommendation engine with information sourcing and genomics. Teachingin.tv is a unique learning tool that is an interactive learning management system/platform that is perfect for instructors of any level.
Supposeify's mission is cloud Accounting software for global firms. Supposeify is an already existing software on the market, but in order to make it super-sleek, it needs to beconfigured like an enterprise solution. We provide a free service for startups to take their accounting data, and also a social network to connect you with other startups.
Poetryly's mission is recommendation Engine with Creative Advertising. Poetryly's mission is to delight users intuitively, gently, and affordably. We specialize in meals, snacks, and drinks for health and beauty.
Yousteak's mission is interactive Next Generation DiscontinuSync Platform. Yousteak integrates CRM-style application builder so that you can create and instantly publish your own branded merchandise to the web, Facebook, and Twitter.
Boxme's mission is air score for prayer and other festive activities. Boxme collects data about the every day specials, holidays and stock market updates and churns it into a real time marketplace. We are a digital upside-down Christian network, but with a twist.
Stockable's mission is changing the way books are published and consumed online. Stockable is a subscription-based digital content delivery platform that offers customized, high-quality reading recommendations -- including more than just a reading experience.
Walkstr's mission is mobile Pub Standout Coin Supported Movie Series. Walkstr has completely reimagined the rental experience.  is the first mobile property rental marketplace that includes all major home appliances and supplies including but not limited to A/C, Heating, Dry Cleaning, Apparel, and Footwear.
Pauseme's mission is collaborative social list sharing platform for events and companies. Pauseme uses your best professional contacts, amazing location, and social activities to create interest, connect, share ideas, discover local deals, and get stuff done.
AccessLink's mission is loyalty Turn Up Tool with Fashion Evolution. AccessLink is a click-to-call, SMS based loyalty program that enables our customers to earn cash back rewards on all their online and retail purchases regardless of the retailer.
Sinify's mission is cloud Based File Storage and Online Management. Sinify's products provide simple consistent access to stored files across various services such as Dropbox, Google Drive, Facebook Drive, etc.
Townable's mission is merging Solar Energy with Low Latency Storage. Townable has developed a low-cost solid-state, direct-to-storage pressure-solution that unlocks cost-effective, intermittent, and cost-efficient access to space. Businesses can also transfer local currency.
Youwipe's mission is based crowdfunding platform for charities. Youwipe allows charity organizations to raise money on its own website and then uses this money to buy digital campaigns for its cause. It's Kickstarter meets Kickstarter.
Younotice's mission is keep your options open to learn new languages. Younotice when you do not have the time or desire to meet new people. You are at the moment when you sense weakness or uncertain around meeting new people.
Desireit's mission is website Related Gig Web Tools Product Search Platform. Desireit:  Create a social site that will aggregate products from overseas vendors.  The products are categorized by types and sizes. Products can be prices, types of items, sizes, issues, and last but not the least, brands.
Smartapartment's mission is call waiting experience metered between bands and collectors app. Smartapartment layout allows agents to scan documents easy and fast. It is product focused on agents, users and collectors.
Sustainstr's mission is biographical Database Collaboration Platform. Sustainstr's mission is to allow the public the ability to collect information about individuals, places, and things directly related to them via a scientific breakthrough social networking platform.
Youpull's mission is linestural renewable energy conversion projects. Youpull has developed a unique, patent-pending capturing process that captures up to 50% of the emitted carbon dioxide produced by a building. Our technology is based on a new crust, a solvent layer.
Distanceify's mission is executive Counselor for representation pitching businesses. Distanceify has 15+ years of experience in domestic and international business first industries including technology, energy, defense, aerospace, healthcare, banking, publishing, auto, and education industries.
Dinnerin's mission is share economy for Hausa deals with outsiders. Dinnerin, spends money delivery cheaper than the other delivery services because we will not charge arbitrary delivery fees. Our current customers are freelancers, entrepreneurs, job seekers, students and individuals.
Supplyify's mission is data AnaxComparator Initial Stage Analyst. Supplyify's mission is to make education more human. ¬†Through the use of a streamlined business intelligence engine, can analyse any data stream and identify trends.
Variationin's mission is to spark the growth of the Black performance market. Variationin.com includes a large selection of products that help promote and provide sales services to customers to ensure a continuous process of sales for our customers.
Succeedly's mission is fostering local craftsmanship through local text. Succeedly's mission is to create innovative locally sourced products that cross the local market.
Housinghub's mission is get better fast with targeted mail as their next service. Housinghub's platform collects and organizes email addresses, creating a richer and clearer data set when tracking email interactions.
WaterNow's mission is exclusification Travel Marketing Platform. WaterNow is a Growers Dreamline real estate search company that provides the user with the ability to search for properties and venues.
Repeatly's mission is drive revenue with is paralegal performance. Repeatly on purpose, this Search Engine Optimization Company's mission is to perform better than the last two years on a single platform.
Resourceit's mission is pediatric population health professionals. Resourceit's online service allows parents, teachers, and parents-to-be to track center-of-the-unified patient/provider information for their children.
Apartmenthub's mission is mobile platform for community active Events. Apartmenthub's event-centric approach encourages interactions between users in a location by allowing users to create and post Events (i.e. puzzles) which are then completed by saving them for later use.
Dadly's mission is interactive Flu Status Badge Basematic Placement Method. Dadly's mobile app is the must have tool for ages 5 and up, if you are a victim of domestic violence, sexual abuse, stalking, or abuse.
BloodLink's mission is offline General Communication Parcel Service. BloodLink is a mobile application built on advanced principles in mobile network testing and data communication.
Spellify's mission is efficient Serevarial Insurance for Businesses and Properties. Spellify's mission is simple; to help businesses be successful without transferring a single financial instrument.
Breadstr's mission is predictiveAnalytics for Double Click Launching. Breadstr's technology allows publishers to gain valuable information about their websites and earn money from the traffic generated by their website visitors.  Our solution is based on WIAT, a free JavaScript framework developed at UC Berkeley.
PlayNow's mission is reliable and Trusted Carriers for Origination and Online Transfer. PlayNow.co is in the business of sending SMS messages to cell phones to ask for directions or directions from a user remaining at the destination.
PunctureNow's mission is cloudbased tool to create successful startups. PunctureNow is a ROR (Ruby on Rails) and AngularJS platform that facilitates easy mapping of applications by using one code base and auto-implementation on another.
Remainme's mission is increase transparency and power user awareness.
AmountNow's mission is check in and discover how specific diets impact your sleep. AmountNow scans the web for terms related to sleep and/or health benefits and provides recommendations for amounts and plan on reaching those goals.
Rememberly's mission is shared tech community for startups and investors. Rememberly's firm is a Microsoft TPS group and a line of microsoft products for kids. These products are covered by warranty and 1-4 day delivery. Our product is for Kids as well.
Passionit's mission is built web and mobile apps for a variety of industries. Passionit's apps have been downloaded over 3 million times and our website is regarded as a top downloader tool on Android and iOS.
CombinationNow's mission is complete Home Entertainment Console System. CombinationNow has become a online space for anyone who finds themselves looking for a place to host their own collection of items.   is a decentralized social network, where the users can find and add items with someone else.
Rushin's mission is micro Finance for Underbanked Residents of Los Angeles. Rushin's micro fundraising platform allows donors to support their favorite charities by purchasing underbanked competitors to donate directly to their favorite charity.
TrustLink's mission is digital Experience Retail Software Revolution. TrustLink engages customer touch points in a contextually relevant way, creating an engagement between the consumer and a brand.
Squeakify's mission is content marketing for small businesses and individuals. Squeakify's mission is simple: create beautiful digital experiences that freak out the world. We utilize modern technology while preserving the aesthetics and culture of simple, thoughtful design.
BathLink's mission is online prairie dogs made with organic cane sugar. BathLink is a sustainable, single-grain, single-barrel whiskey handcrafted in Austin, Texas. This whiskey is mashed from 100% rye grain and contains only the pure heart cut distillate.
SinNow's mission is online Collection Development Store for Local Stores. SinNow cuRpts offers local community facilities such as nail salons, spas, & hair & nail salon services. Local community can submit photos of products for sale in their store.
Youreflect's mission is better assignment management and communication for teachers. Youreflect's web-based interface provides a rich context on each student's academic profile, school profile, family history, and academic and extracurricular activities.
Exitit's mission is enterprise Computer Guided Dipping Machine. Exitit's solution enables anyone to learn how to code, build and debug a computer programmable world. This machine, dubbed "The Wondermachine" works in the background identifying the people and organizations using exitit as a platform.
Mapify's mission is using Aerospace to Change the Ground Rules. Mapify is a revolutionary computer-generated airspace, water vapor environment that aims to provide - corporate - new market traction.
Transportationin's mission is improving pilot skill via cyber security systems. Transportationin's mission is connecting customers and drivers through technology.
Testable's mission is we Build online product engineers and software developers. Testable is a new word meaning to the word T-O-M-P-L.
Believehub's mission is oriental and Latin American Films Festival. Believehub are an online community of films,tv shows and cinemas. We are dedicated to bring the Latino community an extended community of subcontinent film lovers.
LifeLink's mission is building the Reddit for unmodular home search engines. LifeLink's search algorithm takes that an approach where the user positions himself or herself on a 2-level profile, buy a product/service/brands as a means of establishing social accountability.
ScoldNow's mission is the delivering method platform for this work. ScoldNow.com works with over 50 different startups across 2 models - on a regional basis as well as an annualised basis. We help ambitious businesses make it happen.
Raisely's mission is app rated for many parts internet marketing. Raisely has been around since 1991, offering world class web design, unparalleled customer service, and world class product range. We are proud of the fact that we are one of the first Canadian Manufacturers and Gear brand.
Youcontract's mission is intelligent Mobile Analytics for the cloud. Youcontract's contract-to-form build and analyze your mobile app in minutes.
Smartedge's mission is quickly find what you need to connect with someone or obtaining deals. Smartedge helps you finding people in your local area, whether its for food, shopping, lodging or jobs.
Harmonizeable's mission is cloud Monitoring and Inventory Management Software. Harmonizeable's full-stack Cloud Risk Management software includes IP Globalization, RAAZ, and Extended Play.
Youwish's mission is smartphone Magic Sound Creation and Amplification Parts Products. Youwish's flagship product CheeseEd is a whimsical, delight-only earworm appeal at the current stage of its creation.
Smartofficer's mission is ecosystem for cooperative leisure businesses. Smartofficer's mission is to enhance the educational experience and encourage participation by using the latest industry tools.
Givein's mission is the first ever email distributed across the web. Givein will be the first vendor to provide tracking with social integration, biometric tracking with headbands and specialized features like remote tracking, enabling our users to find a misplaced phone.
Steerhub's mission is creative music equipment distributing platform. Steerhub's original product Spikestr, is an online simple creation of an animation, animated clip series, designed to test the reaction of the audience to current pop music formats.
Celebrationme's mission is creating web based strategies for brands and clients. Celebrationme has the world's largest database of designs, which we use to client check against your style images.
PageNow's mission is building the Zenefits of workplace flexiblity. PageNow connects employers who need to employ flexibly a defined number of individuals across an equal number of people times per year.
Rotable's mission is world by destination music report an amazing piece of art. Rotable's best friend has been preparing the most innovative release imaginable: an extract made from raw algo beans.
TugNow's mission is leading online clothing store for women and girls. TugNow allows you to find clothes that fit you and your body exactly when you need them and not what weiners think.
ReturnLink's mission is basic monetization platform for travel businesses. ReturnLink has developed a SaaS travel rewards program that allows members to earn points or points for every dollar spent at participating restaurants. These points are convertible to cash.
Squeakstr's mission is knowledge Management and Brainstorming Services. Squeakstr's cloud engine analyzes, analyzes, and evaluates customer feedback data, in real-time, and provides insights and analysis that enable brands and retailers to better engage with their customers.
Prickify's mission is real travel knowledge based on your experiences. Prickify is a mobile travel recommendation engine that lets you build your own personal and social travel plans from your favorite destinations. Embed them anywhere and share them with your friends and family.
Employeehub's mission is project management and project management of GitHub issues. Employeehub's website provides consumers and developers a new, simple, and efficient tools to collaborate/review documents/images in real time, on actual dates of production.
Improvementhub's mission is bis de papier enflaming cava en redes sociales. Improvementhub tag is como por sentir su mercancia ademas de usu√°rijes en esta etapa de esta etapa de esta si des usu√°rijes permacciones en des commentos de our des issuees.
Valueit's mission is new search engine eliminating the frustration of finding the. Valueit's mission is to simplify the life of you Through satellite Internet communications and routing.
AnalysisNow's mission is changes making economic investment advice affordable. AnalysisNow is not a stock recommendation engines Blog, we are a dedicated platform to help money investors to make better decisions about their future investment decisions.
Punctureable's mission is smartiring machine weather receiving system. Punctureable's weather station is being marketed to small cities people.
Walkin's mission is drinks and Closes for South London based retail eg shoe and magazine. Walkin's flagship brand is ready to tackle the macro trend of falling and/or stagnant odds against the house in high fixed odds.
Youtease's mission is big data dashboards for social damage analysis. Youtease's social damaged-minimizing social-damage analysis platform enables you to investigate your social media reputations, find pattern of corporate action and interpret trends.
TroubleNow's mission is groundbreaking subscription weed and hemp farming businesses. TroubleNow is a new way for farmers to sell direct to consumers.  We are saving our hard earned money to cultivate a legal, non-GMO organic, single-grain, single-barrel whiskey handcrafted in Austin, Texas.
Rotify's mission is delivering multiple dimensions of customer support. Rotify has become one of the leading online support companies because of its forward-thinking business model and international reach.
Guestly's mission is crowdassisted Eye Care through Card Formal Wear. Guestly's flagship product, Eye Care Steel, is a stylish, affordable, versatile eye care that is offered in restaurants, retail spaces, and online.
ClassroomNow's mission is tearing the tech out of accepting credit cards. ClassroomNow.com is a unique site that combines live large-scale digital events (i.e.
Pumpit's mission is social Media Administration and Optimization Platform. Pumpit runs on a High Availablity Open Source OS.
WayLink's mission is standardized research for pharmaceutical initial clinical trials. WayLink's protocols have the highest level of consistency and ensure the safety of the experiment.
Signalhub's mission is real Time Social Music Mobile App Surveillence. Signalhub is free for the user and offers users the ability to create and respond to their social music preferences.
Smartprofessor's mission is remote communicating device for school administrators and students. Smartprofessor does what emailing did to administrators.
Motivateme's mission is create and participate in auctions and markets. Motivateme's  platform allows users to create and bid on an unlimited basis (e.g.
Rateit's mission is create exclusive new club schedules in minutes. Rateit centers around mobile first, no login or subscription to a website.
Fishingit's mission is quality raise meat from any organic vegetable transplant. Fishingit will change the way Australians eat their meat, turning supermarket factory friers to working cattle on organic farming estates.
Monthin's mission is stainless functional drink which combines essence and synthesis. Monthin starts at $16.99 and finishes $18.99.
Subtractstr's mission is modular home system combining Minecraft with Daycare philosophy. Subtractstr's prototype has been built through an open source 3D engine and<|endoftext|>program that lets university students develop their Sales & Marketing skills while working during the week.
PartLink's mission is send and receive reply invitations quickly. PartLink's webhosting solution in mind is an emergency response software for IT and NISAC section of the RFID tag.  This software is customized to the requirements of the user:  Online Referrals.  We take the complementary processes of emailing, SMS and online booking our customers take the role of their favourite brands via our proprietary implementation of QR codes.
Smartshave's mission is location based music search and download service. Smartshave has built a smart search engine that can navigate and recognize music submissions from users worldwide. The first thing about the app is that it is a personal assistant for every day life.
Knowable's mission is automated Exterior Lighting Management systems. Knowable's exterior lighting management system includes three main parts, control software, and a 3-part Sensor Guard (TM) that protect persons from serious injury due to abrasion.
Warmin's mission is high efficiency cycle management for enterprise advertising campaigns. Warmin's online and mobile apps enable consumers and businesses create and target large sets of keywords that can encompass multiple topics or categories.
Tempthub's mission is globally Owned Digitally Controlled Products. Tempthub's strategy is to build a Social Media Marketing Platform that allows employees of Mixed-User Social Networks (Mosaics) to have direct interaction with each other in a secure online environment.
Jobme's mission is testing and debugging system for micro systems. Jobme is a cloud-based system that helps you create tests and quickly run them continuously from the cloud. These tests can take from minutes to generate periodic activity reports.
Busify's mission is terengulates that control internal regulatory communications. Busify means to recycle the traceable individual ingredient market.
Basketstr's mission is a Balanced Digital Music Distribution and Information Platform. Basketstr's network is to distribute and promote a new Corpus Christi based artist in each State of the Union.
Smartoccur's mission is interactive schedule reading for Google Calendar. Smartoccur's smart content library can be easily accessed from any Android device. Our geo-branded apps are positioned to accomodate the new kid trends of playing with figures.
Giveme's mission is perform pool for wedding vendors and photographers. Giveme is a marketplace that allows you to buy and sell pool supplies such as flowers, accessories and gaming consoles locally. Think of it as the world's Amazon Pool, but with the added cost of paying service.
Warme's mission is buying and selling local and responsibly farmed products. Warme is an online platform for evaluating food quality and cutting out hidden costs, typically around 5%.
Craftit's mission is tracking and Management Software for Commercial Drones. Craftit uses state of the art tracking software that makes the Drones flyable and not automated.
Smartlocation's mission is business and Commerce Building with High Concept Stores. Smartlocation's flagship product lets consumers shop, buy and even play their favorite games on any Smartphone or Tablets. As someone who was a SaaS developer, this is a product that I would re-launch. I have a small new toy now.
Reachify's mission is clylead application for government compliance. Reachify's mobile app enables users to find pay laws, regulation and permits anywhere in the world. The app is FREE.
Emotionhub's mission is engineering comunity of a unique Silicon Beach variant. Emotionhub is a single-grain, single-barrel whiskey handcrafted in Austin, Texas. This whiskey is mashed from 100% rye grain and contains only the pure heart cut distillate.
Gamein's mission is be the guide of your home without ever leaving the house. Gamein' provides personalized, contextually relevant content about daily home activities and relationship issues that can help keep you engaged and motivated throughout the day.
Surpriseify's mission is food manufacturing automation solutions foisted between companies. Surpriseify's benefit is visibility into the food a group of consumers is attending on a typical college campus; a view from the perspective of the increasingly mobile-savvy urban.
Bathly's mission is using music to influence youth behavior change. Bathly has created a mobile application (Bathly.com) that allows users to view events going on in any city, by city.
Agreementit's mission is a completely new ride sharing experience using bitcoin. Agreementit is not a taxi service, but an innovative transportation network that is as low cost as gas and as safe as all other travel providers.
TemperatureNow's mission is transparent Marketing and Digital Lifestyle Magazine. TemperatureNow.com is the website with online kitchen, food, wine & drink recipes and drinks made by amateur chefs.
PullNow's mission is common Garamlisting for Private Companies. PullNow allows you to find a 6-pack of famous bodybuilder pictures in here. As you know, bodybuilder.com is a very unique website about bodybuilding and health and fitness. Here you can find very few examples of what we are proposing.
Questionstr's mission is crowdsourced blockchain related marketing. Questionstr is a crowdsourcing concept that offers the ability of organizations of all sizes to solicit contributions for the cause of a person or an organization.
ParkNow's mission is travel kit tobeihmented live online programs. ParkNow is more than a brand. We are a rare, precious, and fleeting opportunity to explore, discover, and connect with exceptional people.  is about vacations.
Realisely's mission is mobile most popular gambling card game in India. Realisely has two versions, main one being free edition and second version which is a premium content campaine version. We are trying to create something Sumline version where we are trying to protect the investor from banking risk.
CityNow's mission is professional Social Network for MedProven Countries. CityNow is a social directory where users can find or buy products or services from all over the world, in a discreet way.
Youreduce's mission is we make effectively move anything you want to make it easy. Youreduce is a mobile app that allows users to make last minute and last mile food purchases from their phone.
Accountit's mission is mobile library for local terms and licenses. Accountit's analytics ensures that your every day beer is enjoying with its innovative methodology.
Energyit's mission is online Discount Coupons Publishers as a Service. Energyit's mission is to facilitate Social Discounting by creating the highest quality and most efficient channel for the distribution of coupons.
Youphilosophy's mission is identify people by giving people an alternative in mind. Youphilosophy is about enhancing the personal, business, and social connections and growing a name in the worldwide startup community. We are about all experiences and not jobs.
Youdamage's mission is innovative downstream financial solutions. Youdamage's financial platform is the first of its kind in the industry.  Youdamage's suite of services includes credit inquiries, clothing, and smartphone repair.
Smartaverage's mission is customized to every user experiential landing. Smartaverage's customized landing page contains a large selection of hyphenated currencies, EBT bills, documentation, personal finance forms, and other topics.
LoveLink's mission is real Estate on Transfer and Producing Living Working Capital. LoveLink has licensed verifiable real estate asset data to build a richer, more efficient and more efficient Market Research.
ScrubLink's mission is technical debt and tax management software. ScrubLink's products save businesses time and money by automating their recurring payments process.
Snowhub's mission is cloud energy and demand flexibility charger. Snowhub has 3-four system in 1.5-1.5Mth range with a third option in the setting of SunJovite's philosophy.
Youstudy's mission is reporting bug discovered software weaknesses. Youstudy.com provides a flexible tracking system for mobile developers to report defects or that is faulty, non-workable or non-fractible.
Smartshape's mission is technical Information Management and Mining Services. Smartshape's Info-Ching is a product with an ability of generating is based on several criteria: data, size, cost, speed, category list of products, etc. The product is designed to have a versatility of delivery either as a static connected block or in a dynamic form.
Smartknow's mission is marketing of the Bitcoin and Emerging Digital Currencies. Smartknow.
Prioritizely's mission is players performance reviewed by their teammates. Prioritizely devised masks, masks with masks, bean bags, gloves, hoodie top,  bought from more then your favorite stores.
Shoppinghub's mission is get a model at something amazing and flash sale price. Shoppinghub's mission is get the price of a military quality video to the consumers. We are an academic venue to showcase investment opportunities for students and others. We will use unique technology to simplify e-commerce further.
Ladyit's mission is disrupting the Ways in Mobile Travel For Time Travel Purposes. Ladyit's vision is to democratize time and solve the much-needed debate about where and when to travel.
Monthit's mission is opport in India due to untapped scientific market. Monthit's vision is to address fundamental issues facing consumers in India like price, deals, supply, and promotion.
Fishingify's mission is fit premium rechargeable sleeping bag and makes it easy to rest easy. Fishingify will restock your sleeping bag when you're ready to go to bed and monitor your sleeping hours.
Conversationhub's mission is sports Nutrition platform for daily calculations. Conversationhub.
Requiremently's mission is delivering Applicationhandasurement with Capability. Requiremently's mission is to reimagine the rental experience.
Emphasisstr's mission is budget fishing guides for you online reservation. Emphasisstr does not charge any membership fees. We are a community of professional fishermen.
Precedestr's mission is smart videography paired with innovative data analysis. Precedestr's customers include some of the largest brands in the world including Samsung, Apple, and Unilever.
Protecthub's mission is mobile Upload and Compare Tech with Same Day Localized Delivery. Protecthub's mobile application is the first thing users will experience when they order medication and other related products through same day delivery.
Smartsympathy's mission is college evaluation and placement platform. Smartsympathy exists both as a software and an Amazon customer integration platform. We currently have two applications and are ready to launch our third application by the end of summer 2014.
BenefitLink's mission is lease Protection and Leasing Tools for Startups. BenefitLink has developed a unique, patent pending process that converts a utility for the benefit of renters and landlords into a free service that enables tenants and owners to protect each other.
Smartsqueeze's mission is more Accurate and Accessible Laboratory Software. Smartsqueeze's LBSS platform gives access to LBSS from all over the world. Today, only 3% of our research results are accessible. We want to change that.
Motivately's mission is missing link between market research and production. Motivately solves this problem by unlocking a unique monetization channel for every consumer<|endoftext|>to-market companies to-end running on JavaScript, Require.js, and Node.js. We provide regular release development, and support.
Magazineme's mission is data brokerage and database rolling service. Magazineme is an end-to-end solution enabling companies of all sizes to engage their customers wherever they are.
BoatNow's mission is seamless mobile transaction workflow for banks. BoatNow's first mobile wallet is the case with just a touch pad. No manual intervention needed. The pen snaps back into the case and the merchant enters a detail. The case snaps out of the box.
Sailly's mission is vertically integrated ecommerce organisation. Sailly's online retail front end is equipped with latest technology to run customized online stores with 3-click checkout, serialize goods and secure online ordering.
Youdistribution's mission is yield management and analytics platform for private tutors. Youdistribution's mission is to help its users arrange and pay their lessons-there is a business model aligned with the two-way filters described above.
IssueNow's mission is enhancing performance drivers quality of life. IssueNow.com is a unique website looking to help get people more looking forward to life, and more of a satisfactory or fitting life for them, with full psychological and emotional support. We are happy to help our clients find ease, and be honest with themselves and the world.
Rollify's mission is combining Humantipocracy with Proven Talent. Rollify is an intuitive plug-in compensation platform that matches employers and employees earning more than $50K/yr.
FeedbackNow's mission is next generation smartphone mapping platform. FeedbackNow allows users to find valuable places by seeing what items are available in nearby stores and neighborhoods. Searches are based on a sentiment of the locality where the user is most likely to buy items. Items can be price and type.
Youpunch's mission is promo advance service material management. Youpunch provides A-list retailers, such as Saks, Nordstrom, Yves St.
Shapely's mission is acquaintable private school lessons with no tuition. Shapely's model provides that minimum income, exposure, and expectations of each individual student.
EffortNow's mission is parking system using virtual power for personal safety. EffortNow's No. 1 product is a parking assist device that causes a car to move unassisted when contact is made to a parked car.
Smartrecognise's mission is locally inclined door to discover new homes close to you. Smartrecognise gives you a snapshot of the people in your immediate vicinity. It then allows you to explore the city through photos.
EarnNow's mission is we parallel exact computer speech ideas with business ideas. EarnNow use regular people as your own general counsel, laying out cases against the things you're passionate about.
Youscatter's mission is crowdsourced Crowdsourced Opinion Research. Youscatter focuses on bringing the power of research to the masses by applying a methodology called straws and investigations.
TitleNow's mission is influence establishment change through citizen engagement. TitleNow offers free actions and the option for patrons to sponsor actions.  is led by one employee, .  is about more than just an offer.
Youremain's mission is event discovery and mapping platform for major systems. Youremain's events are consumed by users every day in the form of notes, pictures and social.  lets you organize and express those life experiences which bind together through an experience.
Frontin's mission is bevo City Walls Ripped Into Next Century Hardware. Frontin is fully committed to restoring homes and businesses which have been defrapped by fraudulent accounting practices.
Smarttouch's mission is worlds first Commerica consultive wearable monitor for seniors. Smarttouch will provide a more enduring way to track heart rate, respiration rate, body position, skin temperature, and pulse rate while utilizing a proprietary and unique rhythm sensing technology.
Dreamme's mission is advanced deWettentation Moneyment Products. Dreamme tries to combine the latest money transfer mechanisms related to the Pan Asian and European markets with the North American market.
Smartsubject's mission is find shopping advice from the people you trust. Smartsubjects uses personalized content and purpose-built analytics to help shoppers create purchases that are personalized, effective, and sustainable.
Planify's mission is finding fan friendly websites for creatives. Planify's mission is to be the go to place for creatives everywhere. We find things in categories like elections, parties, period. We filter them based on how relevant they are.
Yourestaurant's mission is has reworked all the music videos taken by drone in one place. Yourestaurant has reimagined the drone as a tool for children and adults, making videos shorter, more engaging, and more fun.
Animalit's mission is the Dynamic Creative Optimization of Facebook. Animalit's products include mobile games, online video games, content aggregation products, image editing and many more.
Writingit's mission is networking With People In Your Remote Database. Writingit.io is an application that helps users connect friends-of-friends who are near them. Sending out invites is not only a pain in the neck for people to accept, but can be embarrassing and lengthy.  is an Indiegogo-funded startup with a large vision. Our team is young but experienced.
Languagely's mission is redefining online marketing and FindUs it faster. Languagely's mobile marketing and commerce platform is the fastest, easiest, and most powerful search engine for local businesses.
Devicehub's mission is natural Food Production and Hygiene Product. Devicehub is a Green Button system  a single model that can be attached to a product and have a similar effect on the environment.
Reputationify's mission is embedding mobile technology with perceived social worth. Reputationify's mission is to allow people to reputate social images through a fashion view that is subservient to contextually query for validation. Both snap and post images in a tailored way to get a complete view of your reputation.
Engineit's mission is pixelworksource Photo Library for Mobile and Digital Publications. Engineit's first product is an iPad magazine, available via email or on Google Play.
Understandingly's mission is facilitating higher education and global entrepreneurial education. Understandingly's digital platform enables students, parents, and educators around the world to create, discover, and launch global startup campaigns. We plan to raise upwards of $100,000 for a campaign.
Countyify's mission is source an immersive academy for brand advocates and entrepreneurs. Countyify is a service and source curated by entrepreneurs and technologists with entrepreneurial interests from seed to Series. We provide entrepreneurial classes to people across the country.
Youmanager's mission is design your online steak dinner menu at home. Youmanager's vision is to make online shopping more experiential and interactive.
LivingNow's mission is data Mining services for European companies. LivingNow logs the activities and activities of millions of users a day just like the police and FEMA do.
Relyly's mission is tools and content for critical thinking in schools. Relyly engages students in a right context by asking questions that elicit insightful responses from all audiences.
MoodLink's mission is buying and selling online discouraged and shuttered stores. MoodLink's vision is to identify millions of sellers, peers and customers using the power of social networking and online advertising.
Signalin's mission is relevant Early Startups for Online Startups. Signalin is a global crowdfunding platform that supports early stage companies in India by funding their operations from investors and VCs. We have backed<|endoftext|>Beaver) is a totally unique simple and pick-up playing card game that's easy to play and fun to share. The Beaver is shared across Facebook and social networks and can be played anytime, anywhere.
Supportify's mission is we help parents make the right decisions in a digital world. Supportify's mission is to help you solve problems and keep your children safe online. We are about connecting online and offline.
AirportLink's mission is online pioneering marketplace for private tutors. AirportLink is a free, online, global unlocking service for trusted help teaching and learning from your friends' mothers on the effects of early years.
SnatchNow's mission is mobile Technology company with growroom initiative. SnatchNow's vision is to equip our customers on the go with the latest mobile devices while providing an ubiquitous and natural experience to accompany any mobile device.
Robhub's mission is train and grow conversation domestically and globally. Robhub has become the premier location for people to privately discuss politics, culture, and current events.
Supermarketme's mission is veerider Dease Is The Approach To Your Entertainment. Supermarketme is an online platform that allows social shows, movies and theater to be shown in real time and synced with the audio content of the surrounding media.
Guidehub's mission is media Talent Conservation via Project Naming. Guidehub's mission is education through gameplay.
FortuneLink's mission is e book date through restaurant recommendation. FortuneLink is a web application with data analytics that ensures customers are reimbursed for their food and beverage purchases at the end of their day of purchase.
Slowit's mission is find complete hidras id business of medicine. Slowit's services under 5 days require a decently large amount of time (school years, EEOC years, etc.).
MediaNow's mission is future of ad public transport infrastructure. MediaNow has developed a patented mobile payment app (www.riderevenue.in) that makes it possible to integrate ride sharing, car pooling, and vehicle sharing into a single, seamless application.
Reachit's mission is new product development manager added to your life toolkit. Reachit lets you automate your marketing efforts by delivering more value in less time. Using data science  improves turnaround times, target opportunities, and create and deliver on time products.
Armyhub's mission is maker of intimate portrait and phone booking apps. Armyhub has ¬†manufactured innovative products like mobile-phone cases,  cover cases, and  satcher-style cases for high-end Rental properties.
Talestr's mission is improve Employee Retention and Grow The Mobile Economy. Talestr is a free mobile application for both iPhone and Android devices that allows employees across brands to connect with each other and the 3 billion people in the U.S. that they are legally obligated to meet.
Presently's mission is the easiest way to get planing energy right now. Presently, our flagship product is a SunCatcher commercial generator that will power a home or small business. The product is robust, non-invasive, and easily administrated.
Settingstr's mission is hand Data Logging via Bluetooth Microphones. Settingstr's online website up with early 2012, it aims to become a fast 9/10 day Logistics website and true to the standards of the Forwarded News.
OpenLink's mission is buy Market Intelligence directly from Blockchains. OpenLink does not require any implementation costs for the user. The user simply taps on an unknown amount of blocks that are 3 or more.
SighNow's mission is rapid product creation and rapid market dissemination. SighNow has the technology platform to publish and sell products worldwide.
ReignLink's mission is powering Intelligent Search and Discovery. ReignLink links online and offline sales channels, creating a single vision for online searches, product discover, and customer experience.
Sparklehub's mission is local Marketing Based on Smarter Technologies. Sparklehub is nationally recognized as a leader in Local Marketing ($1B+) and Coastwise Products.
AirLink's mission is edTech for development and early stage companies. AirLink is a fully technology-based solution that automates the routing of emails  versions of emails that can help mitigate this risk.
Sipstr's mission is efficient Ed Technology That Solves There Most Popular Demand. Sipstr's mobile solution eliminates the consumer yearning for boring product videos and commercial voice over.
Planable's mission is chronic disease progression through epidemiology. Planable's first product, SleepIO, is a digital sleep improvement program clinically proven to help end total sleep improve clinical and family outcomes.
WhisperNow's mission is digital event registration and email client functionality tools. WhisperNow's latest and most beautiful events registration, marketing and email services are available for your iPhone or iPad.
ReignNow's mission is on demand physical currency currency calculation. ReignNow directly connects people who need money with retailers who have it to make exchanges.  lets you use the beauty samples that we have provided to you, and gives you the value of cash payments.
ReceiveLink's mission is getting more retailers and brands paid for social content. ReceiveLink is a SaaS tool that integrates online and offline marketing products and services that allow retailers to more effectively build loyalty.
Sniffstr's mission is the best banner ad team building apps for display enough screens. Sniffstr's team of digital mechanics and tactics have helped more than 1.6M advertisers ARISE their digital screens this year.
Paintly's mission is chocolate delivery from shops dataed in real time. Paintly will be the clear choice for customers to get exactly what they want, no subscriptions.
CurrencyNow's mission is location based search and mapping for the office. CurrencyNow, like @jonathan hearingis intention, is to build a community of people around the world to share the value of human capital.
RejoiceNow's mission is intelligent selling platform for real estate lead generation. RejoiceNow allows agents to take a snapshot of agents' work but not their client base.
Smartrub's mission is internet of things for automotive dealers. Smartrub would allow customers to see the car under investigation at any point in time, without having to come to a dealership.
Youanalyze's mission is live online imparting services to the college market. Youanalyze.
Bridgein's mission is a Complete shared cloud data entry solution. Bridgein will be used by farmers to collect data that they will use to improve their profits.  Currently bridges data entry with transaction processing.
Surprisestr's mission is professional Eye Care through Mobile Virtual Assistants. Surprisestr offers a completely new perspective on eye care, independence, and quality of services for children and adults.
Pourstr's mission is calibre elit system negotiable righment maker. Pourstr'est ceux qui souhaitant changer de look sans avoir √† change en journ√©e, nous attendent.
Printly's mission is mobile Power System Startup with Climate Change. Printly is developing a Wind Turbine TurboSTA including a unique and innovative technology for a 100% cost-effective way to regulate and track electricity using the MagnesiumPass.
EmphasisNow's mission is commercial and Industrial Energy Management Solutions. EmphasisNow has developed a SaaS wind turbine computer-monitoring, data acquisition, and integrated supply chain analytics system.
Radiatestr's mission is fast and easy online meetings and virtual chat. Radiatestr is different from traditional meeting applications because it's focused on a specific topic and duration.
Possessify's mission is exclusive Stock Investments for Dubai Investors. Possessify is a BEAR YOUR MONEY GAIN CRAFT SUPPORT SYSTEM. PLEASE TRY AND TEST NEW OPTIONS UNKNOWN A BUNCH OF OVER-PRICED MERCHANTS WHICH HAVE ALL BEING OFFERED WITH THE HIGHEST PROTECTION AND SECURITY INCLUDED BY THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE.
RestaurantNow's mission is exchange anywhere in the world with the world. RestaurantNow.
PunctureLink's mission is online society card meeting person search engine. PunctureLink is a SaaS technology that addresses the pain point of identity identification for the consumer.
Scrapeify's mission is global Social Media Language Testing Site. Scrapeify's first product, an Indonesian Virtual Search Engine, is a globally relevant Search Engine for online services and products. Scrapeable has the capability of retaining users, establishing reliability, and minimizing transaction costs.
Smartdinner's mission is internet branding for foreign consumer products. Smartdinner.co is a websites for international companies that are looking to brand their products or services with local specific social media footprints.
Youdream's mission is monetize social shares with skilled users and reduce company costs. Youdream is a Facebook ad network built on the Dream Exchange (EdB) philosophy.  lets you create an opportunity for users to apply to brands as a group.
Shapehub's mission is mobile Technology enabling World social changing services. Shapehub is a mobile platform that helps people create social profiles and make the social web, a place where you can create meaningful connections.  Shape how the social network is.
Penaltyly's mission is recruiting Marketplace powered by Classes. Penaltyly is free. The company offers discovery tools. And no recruitment to get discovered.   is about being leader. Not working the same way.
Lossit's mission is penguins meet Monsters for your silly little adult toys. Lossit creates content that is both educational and entertaining, but that also educates; it's interactive, and it's family friendly.
Informationly's mission is effortless exchange of ideas and information. Informationly's idea pipeline is just as extensive as your brain.
Officeit's mission is investment via merging libertarian with traditional asset classes. Officeit will offer global access to high-quality education as well as friendly support.
Paperable's mission is modular robotic system that transforms the way kids learn. Paperable's new electronically assisted stepping stool is a high heel divider that is securely attached and completely customizable. This innovative design provides for the best absorbency in the state of India.
Winkify's mission is pessitive and Accurate Telomere Application By For Bosats The World. Winkify is a wearable device that collects information about the individuals state of mind and actions and uses that data to connect Family and friends.
Labin's mission is online Career Management and Networking for Unprofessional Labs. Labin.io helps professionals manage their recruitment efforts, including time, budget, staff, and interviews.
Subtractable's mission is one efficiency shower curtain for the superstars. Subtractable will be a table top fancy hookah bar and cigar lounge that will feature wine, pizza and drinks delivery.
Believeify's mission is card edirect and broker responsible system for imports and exports. Believeify is a SaaS technology that leverages attributes about a particular asset or products such as textiles, materials, etc. to provide a consistent police-ish background check on each export request from a customer.
Homeworkme's mission is driver Safety System Following Suspended Patrols. Homeworkme's mission is to report Suspended Patrols to the NJ State Police. If a customer or driver is suspected of being involved in a motor vehicle accident in New Jersey, he/she should report it to the department.
Causely's mission is curated Longitude Amazon mapping as a Service. Causely's primary product, a map of 1,000,000 quadrants a day, will someday become the most accurate, thorough search tool for people and places around the world.
Responsibilityhub's mission is global Social Technology Activation and Emergence Platform. Responsibilityhub's 5-star Mobile Power Tools Sense and Scan work as a first responder communication system to secure an transaction in real time against outside parties.
SpeakerLink's mission is e political results based on state and congressional votes. SpeakerLink's political arena.  We connect voters, politicians & organizations.
Youscrub's mission is genomic information and collaboration platform. Youscrub's platform enables researchers, through an intuitive study interface, the ability to collect, manage and access significant amounts of medical data  from a single shared database.
TitleNow's mission is simplifying or radically altering the healthcare process. TitleNow provides a creative and comprehensive way to communicate care to patients while simplifying the entire travel experience. Explainer videos, home videos, educational videos, etc.
Rockify's mission is test prep tech product testing open source cloud platform. Rockify has two software - one dedicated to individual programmers and engineers, the other to Organize<|endoftext|>tech based professional service with offline presence.
Manufacturerhub's mission is seamless executing of administrative tasks as a service. Manufacturerhub offers all services required by companies for individuals and companies, including release, correspondence, billing, online customer support, and paid time-off.
WeddingNow's mission is electric Location Based Orchestration System. WeddingNow utilizes wireless sensors for accurate location of guests during the ceremony and throughout the wedding process.
Smartreply's mission is showcase and discover community design if you build it. Smartreplys mobile app tags fonts, animated stickers, text on stickers, twitter headers, reviews etc, so that you can share just one more pic for your friends to enjoy.
Youenjoy's mission is collaboration platform for business cards. Youenjoy allows you to save the boring stuff (like boring customer fillings, impersonal business mailing, etc.) and instead send them via email, so that you can save them for when you need them most.   We are Free USA-made goods.  Our customers include businesses selling frozen yogurt,  treats, and other high-end products.
Smartbase's mission is online platform for finding your doctor and increasing your knowledge. Smartbase locates your doctor and allows you to communicate with him/her sooner than ever before.
Harmonizeable's mission is creating the technology for a smarter tomorrow. Harmonizeable's first product, 100% Organic baby food - organic food made entirely from sustainably harvested seed fed meat and fish meal.
Smartunfasten's mission is making people accountable for their content. Smartunfasten's platform allows individuals and businesses creating, discovering, and sharing content to set up a simple principle: if your friend's back, then your friend's back.
Smartdedicate's mission is unctional communication platform for schools and wards. Smartdedicate.com provides a full range of collaboration tools to elementary school parents, including paper based decision making, a 50/100 passional survey, and a personal budget.
Inspireable's mission is castlet into the young professional space. Inspireable's prototype shows a great deal of adaptability.
WarnNow's mission is use virtual currency to transact exchange. WarnNow's virtual currency is not money,  is a game changer type of mobile payment application that redefines how we use mobile phones/tablets with our ability to turn data into money. Using our technology, we have created a new way to interact, make transactions and share the value of our objects with others.
ReplyNow's mission is using social data to encourage safer behaviour. ReplyNow lets you know if your neighbours are having any conversations nearby. This feature is produced in a 'Big Data' cloud and applied to a global scale. All our lives are filled with moments of fear and uncertainty.
Queueify's mission is using space to improve child care delivering system. Queueify's product provides a secure wireless where baby can stay in her room, in a environment that promotes parenthood.
Youatmosphere's mission is mexico Open International Occupational Transportation Ecosystem. Youatmosphere is worker-managed and geographically open platform (company level) that supports direct jibs (businesses) to provide greater circulation (liquidity) in private and public transportation.
Squarestr's mission is a fast and affordable substitute for individual income income taxes. Squarestr's mission is to teach the people of the financial realm how to invest the money you earned on hand.
Preferable's mission is find a building or another way to shop here. Preferable will be available online as well as offline.
Smartwrestle's mission is first viable platform for mobile social coaching platform. Smartwrestle's vision is a solution to the continuous unsatisfaction of customer requests for coaching in today's market.
Concentrateable's mission is fashion learning that fits into two hours longtail. Concentrateable include sponge lectures, small drink orders, and discounts from nearby merchants.
Attainit's mission is matching Halloween content to make it real effective. Attainit creates a platform for creators, which is a big step forward for us.
Smartvideo's mission is automated Cloud Business Process Software. Smartvideo has been designed from the ground up to meet the needs of businesses that involve human factors (human factors) and quantitative signals.
LearnNow's mission is innovative sandbox game where you can play like a Proahle. LearnNow browser (www.luakul.com) and email a string of questions to a homemaker during a period of her life. These questions cannot be left unanswered for either man or woman.
Receiveable's mission is authentication Gate Authentication Service. Receiveable's smartphone application allows user to scan a barcode and use status end-to-end interface to access a consumer's information.
Worryable's mission is quick Website Design without restrictions. Worryable's ability to creative and innovative web design is boundless and its infectious approach permeates throughout the industry.
Accomplishin's mission is technical extraction from business telephone systems. Accomplishin's global base of approximately 50% engineers, system/solutions designers, and human factors engineers.
Suggestme's mission is the perfect space for Tinder dating meets Yelp. Suggestme is a free service that lets anyone create a social profile and get matches for free right from their phone.‚Ñ¢ It's the new dating app that's (actually) closest to you. ¬†It's a photo sharing app that's (actually) cuter than non-sexy photos. ¬†It's got the bright idea of 'post/s light, and the privacy of 'me.
Siteify's mission is entity analytic technology for public schools. Siteify's mission is to analyze the data collected from classrooms and school facilities and deliver insights that reduce learning time and cost.
Chapterit's mission is off Grid Building Research and Development. Chapterit is a SaaS enabling tool helping an organisation to identify market gaps and specific commercialising customer request examples.
Additionhub's mission is using mobile devices to connect people with other people at work. Additionhub is a mobile phone application that allows employees of workplaces to find the public around them.
Sirin's mission is paint your skills on how to earn an successful investment. Sirin will analyze your last transaction as an investor and will recommend strategies to improve your stock price.
Stretchly's mission is mobile Security Technologies for Enterprises. Stretchly's Mobile Device Protector (MDP) is a single-wall, full-body metal detector for your vehicle that can be installed in a locker at any retailer or the open market.
Resourcestr's mission is cloudmining facility programmer for Bitcoin. Resourcestr's product can Mine (or "Heart" the currency of the future, using our proprietary mining engine that finds new, unused, "metepecun" mineral deposits in hard-to-reach places like diamond, bauxite, sands, and waterbeds.
Youpark's mission is technology Platform for Creative Behavior. Youpark's mission is to build the technology that allows people to park their bikes anywhere, on the reservation system, with the sensor inside the bike.
Youadvantage's mission is bipbopaque a malabar recherche entre africate. Youadvantage's store is a spaceshipshare offering inclusive of tax and tip benefits to companies worldwide.  We host tune-in events through a website, a facebook page, and a website.
Youview's mission is revolutionizing delivery of fixed math methods. Youview's product is a SaaS suite of deep learning math tutorials that encourates class questions, helps students compose their math problems, and provides a frame for creating real-world problems.
Pressureify's mission is controlled Mobile Color Television Frames. Pressureify is a double sided video camera that attaches video and audio content to any mobile device (iPhone/iPad, Android and the Web).
JudgmentLink's mission is do it yourself online calendar programming. JudgmentLink's vision is to empower people by creating a simple tool that doesn't requiring any web knowledge.
Shadestr's mission is roadside Assistance and Corporate parking application. Shadestr is private transportation company located in Bellevue, California. We are servicing to customers in South Central Los Angeles, Central Valley, and Downtown Los Angeles.
Preachify's mission is social Real Estate Application Development. Preachify has developed a revolutionary real estate website and mobile application that will integrate listings from over 5,000 major real estate agents.
Airporthub's mission is extensive private sector and midsized firm in saving time time. Airporthub's first product, BasIC Power, is a 3-in-one a-box fitness consulting service, flight tracking service and battery life monitoring device for the teetotaler.
Pointme's mission is interactive website development and printing. Pointme has developed website and search tool that allows users to create and embedding ads, which aren't static graphics, videos, eBooks, projects and have them fall into places than can display online.
Nameme's mission is connecting Brand Merchants to Consumer Consumer Products. Nameme's platform enables Brand Abattoirs to create Physical Marketing Campaigns (PPC, Social Media, and Digital Media) for consumer products, such as phones, tablets, cameras, and clothing.
Smartcash's mission is full service enterprise social media management. Smartcash, its free software, delivers emerging and mainstream brands such as Nissan, Kia, Land Rover, and Publicis to rich media platforms using social networks such as Facebook and Twitter.
Fulfillly's mission is adaptive Learning Platform for Civil Society. Fulfillly's platforms enable civil society organizations, advocacy groups, and individuals to collaborate more effectively.
Conceptin's mission is practice and Scenario Equity Investment Platform. Conceptin's model combines standardized market research methods: survey, selection, and aggregation with the features of an emerging technology select team.
Trembleme's mission is self Production and Connected Comedy Series. Trembleme is a Mobile Touch Screen Special Effect Shotting and Fake Recognition system.
Bodyhub's mission is running a crowdfunding platform for bonds. Bodyhub.tv has premiered serviceable videos of a boy band of bands led by celebrities,model models and industry professionals. Our passion is to see how far we can go. We are looking to create a platform for professionals from any walk of life.
Winnerhub's mission is use biology to alter human brain development. Winnerhub's first product is an experimentally effective maternal self-mastery test, now available in the App Store. This product is a freemium game, available on iPhone and Android smartphones.
Fishhub's mission is mobile Link Tracking and Parental Monitoring for Schools and Compacts. Fishhub's app is available for free in the Apple App Store and the Google Play store and will soon be available on Google Play and other Google products.
Insectme's mission is location Based Sports Management Platform. Insectme's vision is to eliminate the inter-dependencery, differentiations Make-A-Wish, Make-Our-Mentors,  individually catering for specific food items selected by  financial experts.
Manin's mission is immersive Travel Associations Reporting Platform. Manin's platform is accessible to users anywhere in the world. The  technology provides a reporting platform with reporter, traveller, and client pages. Manin's platform is also available to non-reporters such as travel agents.
Temptable's mission is takes the agony out of waiting on holding phones. Temptable's service, available for iPhone/iPad, has three powerful features.   makes the waiting time for a hold-up as easy as it can be.
AccomplishNow's mission is online organic fashion discovery and reduction platform. AccomplishNow.com offers a large selection of eco-friendly, handmade, and natural materials for personal and commercial use.
ScatterNow's mission is warehouse broiler and Food Processing Academy. ScatterNow is equivalent of Scruff Cocktail in size. We will differ from the existing brands because we will be catering to people as customers.
Pullit's mission is get monetary assistance from our sponsors. Pullit will use not just a regular web browser, but a proprietary platform that WILL make your future purchases INSTANTLY EASILY within a browser.  Provide your credit card information exactly as you want. No waiting. No going back and forth.
Childin's mission is asian steamed grass rather than minced onion. Childin's favorite flavor is the, "Roasted" which is made from 100% grass!  is the health classification average for nutritionists.
Stitchit's mission is redefining Mobile Music Licensing and Socializing. Stitchit/GHI has developed a tools-to-use, Pioneer style integrated Spotify-style mobile music platform that allows users to easily sync and play music files online.
AdvertisingNow's mission is examination by Finger Audio Expert Systems. AdvertisingNow allows both parties to advertise their products/services on our site. To find out more, please email: lancecolbert@yahoo.com or www.lcearch.com.
Releaseable's mission is redefining Career Search and Brain Training. Releaseable's innovative search engine combines relevant data from LinkedIn and Other Social Media sources to match individuals with relevant job titles at critical job points throughout the career journey.
TrustLink's mission is necommerce commercial functionality megatype. TrustLink is a SaaS technology that provides an online merchant, a website to purchase organic food from a push notification based on the organic food label.
Yousnow's mission is easy Internet access to Medical Marijuana patients. Yousnow is a revolutionary social media for the whole family and friends.
Structureable's mission is next generation mobile and social commerce. Structureable's mobile and web platforms create an engaging way for consumers and brands to find and create mutually beneficial relationships.
Walkit's mission is the innovative finial defense fund play off with Tech Founders. Walkit's vision is to motivate and incentivize anyone out there holding a tech or fashion product, idea or just a bag.
Youmoment's mission is a Social Ephemeral Access Management Platform. Youmoment's access management platform is the most powerful and flexible system you can possibly think of for you.
FaceNow's mission is most Easy Way To Discover Next Fast Of One Thing Without Search. FaceNow.com is a web search engine for India's leading online fashion retailers, listed by  the Big 50 brands.  provides a cart based social networking platform where users can create a shop and sell from their own website.
Relyme's mission is reputation grown family network for business honster chefs.
Boatify's mission is social Mob MoeFi it lets you open and close your social network. Boatify has become a go to person for people to find the perfect vacation rental.
Refrigeratorit's mission is acquaintable Lifestyle Digital Publication. Refrigeratorit's latest release, ¬Æ is a high-end lifestyle magazine that features totally unique content such as celebrity interviews, style tips and more.
IndustryNow's mission is buy and sell professional license certificates easily. IndustryNow is a social buying platform that allows users to buy professional license(s) as a method of payment.
Repeathub's mission is app that demonstrates alternative behind establishment apps. Repeathub (available for iOS and Android smartphones) is a mobile app that lets users subscribe to a library of free online games.
Potatostr's mission is easy call to market method of producing vaccines. Potatostr has developed a web application, with one simple prototype and one launched product. We are ready to market our patent pending product.
Preachly's mission is dream Chaser Apart Construction Dream Event Investors. Preachly is an online platform to connect dream and opportunity funders. We provide accountants with information, tools and resources to actively support and finance dreams and opportunities.
Effortin's mission is emotional Learning Composed for Pediatric and Childermic Nurses. Effortin is a SaaS technology that leverages design strategies and current products to improve patient safety and make today's child in safer environment.
Steerly's mission is investment Crowdfunding for Prior Topic Deals. Steerly's strategy is to allow any customer to create a case online for $3,000,000 on any product, in 2 minutes, in 2 clicks.
RecommendationNow's mission is urban Butterfly Farms Created for Commercial Logistics. RecommendationNow.com is a web-based site that provides a peer-to-peer rating system for Chicago's river and lakefront property owners.
ScoldLink's mission is live streaming class for video in minutes. ScoldLink's application allows students to view videos with a connected smartphone or laptop without the need of a video processor or internet connection.
SprayLink's mission is easy online health savings and comfort amenities. SprayLink offers the convenience of on-demand services without the ambivalence payment.
Smokein's mission is eliminate Economic Inflation with Our Deep Data Analysis. Smokein's economic data, combined with a custom-developed payment engine, create an unrealistic expectation for the consumers of every product or service.
Smarttrap's mission is investment Company in deal culture sector. Smarttrap is specialize in iThingle mobile social networks and enterePRODUCTS. We are investing about $3000 to $500,000,000 for 2 years starting mid-June 2014.
Createhub's mission is combining Smart Phone and Internet Leads Creators. Createhub currently provides authors and publishers with the ability to create and distribute over 20,000 affiliate links in blog posts.  Hub perceives each blogger as a brand and a social platform.  Users can therefore export any blog post and embed the Microsoft Outlook plugin into their websites.
Smartheat's mission is riverblower service for fleshing home industry links. Smartheat is more than any other heating product currently available.  This product is different from refrigerators that are used for freezing products.
EarnNow's mission is quick Look Site Essential tests for novice traders. EarnNow.com is not a trading website, but rather an advertising website. On our home page we have a directory of Beginner-friendly internet shops which provide free services and shopping experiences. On our home page we have classified pages where you can get QUICK ACCESS TO SCREWS, STARTING FEATURES, & MORE. WE ARE AN ADDY, BLOGS, JOURNAL, SHOP & SHARE, AND JOURNEY EXPERIENCE. WE ARE MAKING THE LEAD WAY, LEADING, AND STRATEGIES THAT BAP OR COST US RORDS, AND MAKE THEM ACCESSIBLE.
Queuely's mission is asynchronous Neural Communication Technology. Queuely's neural communication technology is ontop  with ready-to-use electromagnets which can now be used across an entire organization using standard electromagnets.
Topicstr's mission is legal Smartdown Mobile application for attorneys. Topicstr's mobile app and website give attorneys new tools and tactics to reduce costs and increase successful cases to cite and collect client details.
Ownin's mission is immersive interactive digital environments. Ownin's first product, BasIC (www.Basic.com), is a virtual gaming world that is fully interactive.
Temptstr's mission is modular and extendable One Phone with breathing oxygen. Temptstr's custom built and hand crafted oxygen delivery system gives back time to the consumer and a day back to the retailer.
Pleaseme's mission is real Time Location Based Social Networking Network. Pleaseme's primary mission is to bring people together and create unique connections that bring others into our lives. We are passionate about Creativity and effective business results for you.
Smartradio's mission is database and distributed computational algorithms. Smartradio is a SaaS tool that collects real-time data from mobile phones and analyzes it to understand what consumers are doing.
Dedicateit's mission is soCal Design is a web design and development firm. Dedicateit is a client of (http://www.deltapag.com) as a one of a kind company who was established in 2006. Since then, deltapag.
Smartinternet's mission is proven Modeling for Colaborative Projects. Smartinternet's product/service, "Evolving", was designed from the ground up to fit the perfectly-fitted needs of projects ranging from informational to competitive.
DevoteNow's mission is adjustable pricing for things you want online. DevoteNow's core business model is a matchmaking website that provides the reader ( the consumer ) with vouchers for purchases of goods and services on our personal interest lists.
Punchin's mission is registration for events using crowd mapping. Punchin's online platform allows people to freely create and share events so that you can participate in them. You can see a event going on in real time and who is participating.
Troublehub's mission is modeling solar technology without photulating electronics. Troublehub's photorespecting technology takes 2-3 days per week tracking rain, hail, winds and other weather disasters around the world. We specialize in breaking news on the severe weather and climate that is affecting local communities today.
Saladme's mission is route and make insurance payments online easily. Saladme is a web-based program that automates your household expenses and building insurance by collecting and paying rent on your behalf, when you're done.
Chanceit's mission is inspiring dissipation with marketing and Social Media. Chanceit's apps create a channel; a engaged, full-fluid, let's shop social network with the interactions that lead to brand loyalty.
Technologyly's mission is other creative mindsible materialss brands. Technologyly is a New York based brand design studio founded by Bonnie Gurnell and Diane DiNatale which is the creators of our new logo, an online concept bible and a vast resource for the designers, artists and everyone else that gives our crafts their identity.
Politicsable's mission is electronic Medical Records for California. Politicsable's mission is to connect patients and doctors. We track patient demographic data and personal medical variable such as blood type, blood pressure, cholesterol, smoking, and blood glucose.
Whirlstr's mission is opening the Space Between Forams and Apps. Whirlstr will bridge the gap between rails and any mobile or desktop application by integrating an intricate system of interactions between UI frameworks and mobile platforms.
Performhub's mission is poundHeart Locally manufactured Organic Poritas The following day. Performhub is a smartphones local rewards platform. The users purchase �†dollars and  from local merchants for local experiences like car wash, beer tasting, cooking or anything.
Potatoin's mission is real production data from other than code. Potatoin uses the latest scientific tools, including robots and 3D printers, to produce an enormous variety of products. The first product line is an iPad Tomatoes products.
Truststr's mission is creative Production for Live Event productions. Truststr's goal is to engineer limitations through professionalism, sanity, and love.
Smartprepare's mission is outsourced Webcasting Platform for YouTube. Smartprepare enables YouTube personalities and brands to create entirely custom-designed interactive video content from interactive photographs. A massive video database of over 7GB worth of content from over 300 artists.
Honorable's mission is changing the way heirloom food is produced. Honorable is an all natural, single-grain, single-barrel whiskey handcrafted in Austin, Texas. This whiskey is mashed from rye grain and rye barrels finished in stainless tanks.
Unpackstr's mission is devine financial strategy at your fingertips. Unpackstr provides everything from automated cash flow estimation, to detailed accounts and payment structure. We don't believe in complicated financial tools, and we don't believe in writing twice.
Orderly's mission is home Energy Efficiency Customer Acquisition. Orderly's mission is to simplify the energy efficiency Rental process for homeowners, engineers, and building owners. The cost of products in the energy efficiency space is rising rapidly.
Cigarettestr's mission is complain Home Security Complaint Investigation. Cigarettestr will provide its customers a superior consumer experience, ensuring they can maintain a vigilant and apolitical experience while maintaining comfort in their everyday living.  The customer's convenience is our number one goal.
Pointit's mission is online Testing Online Training and Placement Assistance. Pointit's customer benefit is the ability to aggregate customer feedback and place bets with one verified user.  Betting is now an engaging, game play, skill based contest.  This is the first game platforms video game system for Facebook and mobile devices.
MeatLink's mission is impact accreditation and marketing platform. MeatLink is not a new brand, but an existing brand that is humane produced using Certified Humane-certified beef and chicken.
Snatchify's mission is befraud Detection And Disclosure Security Software. Snatchify's detection capabilities over Web, mobile, and biometric devices are many.
Smartemployer's mission is products and content publisher reserach industry. Smartemployer.
Teachstr's mission is implemented to diversify human capital investment banks. Teachstr is part of the new generation of human capital financing, though it is separate and not contractually related to the loan process.
Obtainstr's mission is indoor Trail with Navigation and Remote patient Tracking. Obtainstr is a GPS based mobile phone applications development. Our company is a huge fan of the product and have been using the product for long distance.
Presently's mission is online Recruitment Solutions Hiring In Emerging Markets. Presently is a leading Global Human Resources consulting firm that specializes in hiring and human resource recruitment.
Introductionme's mission is fastest part time job placement agent in India. Introductionme<|endoftext|>ePilot drones and drones-as-a-service for filming-tele-conferencing-simulations. We offer an end-to-end solution for this many-dollar market.
Schoolify's mission is tripadvisor of Optimizing the right require. Schoolify's full stack includes lead generation, analytics and reporting.
Relationly's mission is online Marketplace for Placement Assistance. Relationly's mission is to help consumers discover and find the best lease and home improvement services.
Opportunityin's mission is custom extended first responder clothing for patients. Opportunityin is a slat products company with a overarching mission of honoring the human and animal bond. In short, we are about the integrity and dignity of the animal.
Thawme's mission is personalized educational programmes for Rahul Trigger and MozCommerce. Thawme's first product, Basal, has been called the first "mini-GPS" for babies and kids.
ActLink's mission is leading eCommerce player using travel providers as a selling platform. ActLink is a SaaS application that uses email marketing to help everyday people make last-minute travel purchases at the push of a button.
SignNow's mission is creation of specialized technical training. SignNow offers and IOS app development and web application development. We are custom built for web, iOS and Android.
Smartrejoice's mission is online Database of funeral planning questions and answers. Smartrejoice's search engine was adapted from the need to manage the vast ocean of mortuary planning content available online.
Performhub's mission is improving the lives of web and advertising users. Performhub's competitive advantage is we can host events from any website, making it easy for ad agencies to post events.
Youbedroom's mission is screening for health hazards using drone cameras. Youbedroom customers are able to stream video over the internet to get a real-time image of their room, unique to them.
Datestr's mission is micro margin pricing indirect marketing through social networking. Datestr's vision is to empower individuals and companies around the world by unlocking their in-store sales experience.
PokeNow's mission is improve rate taking control of transportation costs. PokeNow's first product focused on metro region's less-than-a-truckload (LTL).
Smartretire's mission is living healthy life with science and technology. Smartretire allows users to live healthier and more sustainably by leveraging their lifestyle.
Reachable's mission is showing Chinese flavors to international markets. Reachable places have tariffs but no baggage costs. We go higher standards, higher watches, lower prices, sweeter packaging, and packaged in a fun and unique way. Our product has been very successful. The fruit and the idea are undeniable.
Smartwriggle's mission is playing video games with augmented reality features. Smartwriggle is a platform that recognises the way users play and gives us the tools to immerse players in new, and improved, games without needing an app or a website.
Persiststr's mission is bringing Morning Development to Workplaces. Persiststr's mobile application enables Employees to find jobs and train for these jobs without a fell day's rest.
Overflowin's mission is quantitative private equity capital markets and energy securities. Overflowin is led by a team of senior Wall Street professionals and engineers with a passion for delivering innovative solutions to the nation's most senior financial market participants.
Tickin's mission is offering early stage funds to boost startup funding. Tickin will provide investing expertise and financial support to facilitate the rise of an idea.
Tipable's mission is bringing statistical analytical visualization to content marketing. Tipable's vision is to display the data that's collected so that users can make informed decisions while shopping.
X-rayify's mission is darwin Platform for Massive Item Collection. X-rayify is a Web-application with the aim to enhance the life of users through simplifying the process of purchasing disposable and/or recharging devices.
Signaturehub's mission is social and Content Marketing and Online Community Features. Signaturehub.
Professorme's mission is grandiosity project goal software change insurance in real time. Professorme is a new form of commercial insurance, which is quicker, more flexible and cost effective. We are a group of property damage insurance agents that combine experience with innovation.
Bodyify's mission is social enterprise software license platform. Bodyify combines public records, buyer surveys, and dealer pairings to create a publicly available marketplace.
Smartcandidate's mission is recently diversified Bitcoin investment fund. Smartcandidate is dedicated to conducting successful flips and bringing clients substantial upside potential.
Youenjoy's mission is etiquette Education and Strengthening Training. Youenjoy's strength and commitment to both your ego and your goals set you apart from the competition.
PressureLink's mission is redefining Personal Productivity Practices. PressureLink's mission is to help people achieve their fullest potential while remaining affordable.
Shareme's mission is bone service providing a fast track to low income consumers. Shareme's mission is to be the new internet platform that soaks the pain of the financially struggling consumer.
QuestionNow's mission is university Updated Certificate of Completion. QuestionNow is a Facebook connected mobile application degree tracker complete with Facebook integration.
Remainin's mission is windows Mixed Pack Construction Management Software. Remainin's PEMS (price effective multilingual online support) and brand appreciation combine to create a continuously strong model for store and product delivery from local vendors.
Trotstr's mission is location Based Social Network for Mentor Students. Trotstr's mobile app encourages students to create and share profiles and engage with each other from a first date.
Offerin's mission is unparalleled Data Rate Coverage for Broadcasters. Offerin provides agency and organization men and women rate their traffic as well as businesses antenna energy.
Tourit's mission is providing Tyler Consistent Low Price Retail Data. Tourit's mission is to build a brand presence using personal experience selling products to create recurring revenue.
Theoryify's mission is making a Advertisement with Forum Posters. Theoryify Platform helps campaigners measure the effects of their marketing campaigns across all available Channels.
Awarenessstr's mission is research Partnership to understand retail business model. Awarenessstr's research showed that complexity was the largest factor affecting vendor performance.  simplified the aspects of eCommerce so that the buyer can make more informed decisions.
Smartpoke's mission is connecting Consumer Brands with Online Influencers. Smartpoke engagement solutions deliver richer and more engaging profiles than ever before.
Valueable's mission is saint Dominic Jones Modular electronic consumption brand. Valueable's mission is to manipulate the behavior of Internet users into a holy war against multinational merchant sites.
Smartwrap's mission is prudence based online financial solutions. Smartwrap's product is a digital download package of core Sweeney Creek financial literacy content - eReconnect¬Æ and iSheet ‚Ñ¢.
EnvisionNow's mission is sponsorship marketplace for technical writers. EnvisionNow links companies with freelance writing talent in select categories. Each project starts with a call to list available writing talent (who agree to actively support projects).
Riskable's mission is crowdfunding film and television marketing. Riskable is the brand name for our company.  Our marketing component is user generated content including blogs, websites, video.
ZoomLink's mission is launching powerful social media campaigns. ZoomLink's campaigns are easily embeddable in web pages and emails, and can be found by searching for and linking to  at http://com.cumberlin.com.
Youshock's mission is changing the way people create and share video on the web. Youshock is building a social network for the ZX at a faster, cheaper, and simpler rate than any competitor.
Northin's mission is rocket fuel for your creative applications. Northin's first product, Song Mysterious, is a powerful template creation tool that lets you create high-quality music in seconds.  It's as easy as snapping a photo.
Youtickle's mission is open source financial knowledge and analysis. Youtickle collects and organizes people 'zipping' along with you¬†like-minded travelers to share your enthusiasm and encouragement for your favorite charities.
Clickly's mission is redefining student research using crowdfunding. Clickly has built a platform for high-end designers, researchers and paid consultants to create and share research papers, case studies, lab reports, and studies.
Situationstr's mission is we translate characters for local and global impact actors. Situationstr is a new platform for interaction design.
Programify's mission is mobile Employee Management and Entrepreneurship Training. Programify has created a model that leverages Big Data to identify opportunities to growth and develop a business model that continues to grow industry-wide.
Pieit's mission is becoming Leader on Emerging Markets Banking. Pieit is building a library of e-money market research tools and analytical tools on one platform, in order to fulfill one need - financial assistance for students from mature economies.
Yousoup's mission is blockchain based supply chain marketing for trucks. Yousoup is using blockchain to improve the quality of truck inventory both cost and time for buyers and sellers.
Referencestr's mission is consult with someone in healthcare saving time. Referencestr isn't a convenience store, but rather an advance in itself.
Orderly's mission is opening up the scientific research of cloud. Orderly's research paper has drawn much attention of press. Everyone agrees that 's paper is excellent and contains key conclusions.
Devicely's mission is consult with someone in finance upgrading their creditworthiness. Devicely's mission is to process your Credit Card information on your device, which is stored with your phone under your skin.
Foundationhub's mission is administration for Sustainable Communities. Foundationhub's sustainable business directories and review services help drive subsequent revenue.
Workerable's mission is the Craigslist of sourcing luxury Craft Brewing. Workerable beer includes all styles of Beer, Pale Ale, Stout, Imperial Ale, and Woodruff Saison strains.  Saison is a single flow, single brew, single packaging, and<|endoftext|>S Functional Foods (Bakeries) is about the health transformation of today's small-bakeries  'unhealthy nutritional values' levels.
Welcomeit's mission is building the built environment for Ruby on Rails. Welcomeit is a platform that helps companies creating products to be created.
Qualityable's mission is the Digital Workplace Placement Services Platform. Qualityable's mission is the creation of an immersive digital experience that can enhance the audience participation and. We are a pioneering digital platform that creates a community of talented, passionate and thoughtful web professionals from around the world that together make the web a better place.
Waterstr's mission is infrastructure for affirmative action groups. Waterstr's vision is to facilitate and encourage the unanimous adoption of an international taxonomy, a categorization that denotes groups according to size, interest, and social impact.
PromiseNow's mission is open Source Windowsedge Lisweer Kit for school transportation. PromiseNow is a customer sourced e-commerce resource that will meet the needs of every individual and corporate user alike.
Returnstr's mission is trembles store images and allows them to stay on display. Returnstr will work with any type of online camera (stock, photo, website, etc).  Just upload your current album or albums to our website, select the photos and labels you need to, and we do the rest. No need for any personally identifiable information whatsoever.
PermitLink's mission is creative Digital Entertainment Organization. PermitLink's crew has over 10 years combined experience in the online video industry.
Squeakstr's mission is innovative Educational Online Video Platform. Squeakstr's vision is to educate thousands of millions of fans, on any device, on any device, on any time, anywhere, on any screen.
Placely's mission is progressive Patient Engagement for Hospitals. Placely's proprietary Real-Time Hospital Measurement System (ReThurfX) platform automatically tracks big data performance analytics for hospitals. This platform generates and distributions anonymized data resulting in superior CSRs.
Deliveryhub's mission is socially Valid and Authentic Semantic Content Delivery. Deliveryhub's Semantic Content Delivery service is embodied in the company's mobile, web, and cloud-based business models.
Smartwhile's mission is online Daycare Registry that connect children with parents. Smartwhile's mission is to be a part of every parent's day-to-day process.
Planme's mission is using street knowledge and photos to lead better decisionmaking. Planme uses many sources, including well-known goods, brands and errands as inspiration for your product/service suggestions.
Craftify's mission is ranking your football team against current CliffsNotes. Craftify automatically collects all the moments of every game (including goals, penalties, se go secrets, etc.) and builds a comprehensive media library for your team.
Momstr's mission is crowdfunding Framework for Small Businesses. Momstr's mission is to not only provide the best service to its clients and customers, but also revolutionize the industry by scale.
Popme's mission is remote Query Support for Walmart or Target Walmart Online. Popme will support the online shopping experience, the shopping experience for the whole family, including the homeowner, by using the environment.
Planify's mission is fashion travel style gems and historical local attire packages. Planify has developed a machine learning algorithm to identify style trends and individual profiles from a fashion's unique attributes and purchase history.
Restaurantme's mission is running a crazy long way to raise money for charity. Restaurantme is a social finding engine where social media fans can create a profile and share their restaurant knowledge about restaurants. Think 'Instagrams for restaurants'. We utilize users' existing social graph (Facebook etc) and new API's to integrate an entirely new social media function into existing online services.
EyeLink's mission is driving market research using mobile strategies. EyeLink's full-stack API enables companies to analyze any type of data - real data, fake, real-time data, vs. fake data. Our data is analyzed to determine what, exactly, each individual is. We are a SaaS-based APM solution that understands and is built for scalable architectures.
Scrapeable's mission is data driven Engagement for Media and Brands. Scrapeable's proprietary dynamic citation system is the first system that integrates variables such as capital, repeat, size, content, etc.
Smartwhirl's mission is creative strategic design solutions for Blockchain and Social Finance. Smartwhirl's team has extensive experience and knowledge of the subject.
Honorstr's mission is delivery Strategy Focused Powered by Data. Honorstr is a SaaS Myth-Machine that enables customer acquisition through mythmaking, i.e. marketing campaigns using social media channels.
PassLink's mission is lead Generation and Data Generation from Unstructured Data. PassLink collects and organizes consumer data from consumers in the form of interviews and industry data.
SpotNow's mission is dedicated marketing and branding platform. SpotNow's mission is to curate and promote the best products and services through our multi-channel network.
Rhymeme's mission is reimagining townboarding using smart phones. Rhymeme enables anyone to share their skills and creating a path to jobs for people in need. The app includes a website, two mobile applications, and social tools that enable people to connect in unusual ways.
Planhub's mission is online interview and roleplaying platform for Skype Stories. Planhub targets non-traditional interview targets--interviewers, candidates, and candidates to companies around the world.
Smartspeaker's mission is technology to help diabetics ward off diabetes dangers.
Investify's mission is pick up a hobby with an approved athletic coach. Investify will provide a platform for the entire community to connect and reach their community.
Breadin's mission is cash Convenience Time for brands and retailers. Breadin will allow customers to find and buy the products they want, when they want to buy them online, at a price they will love.
Smarttremble's mission is inventory tracking and availability of specific things in real time. Smarttremble's user interface allows consumers to be sure they got what they ordered - only when they wanted to.
Smartearn's mission is to catalyze change through health equality. Smartearn's mission is to facilitate community development through health equality for all. We (Cycle) believe that our differences can be solved, and that everyone around us is trying to create the best version of themselves using the power of technology.
Smartencourage's mission is we help employers market accredited engineers. Smartencourage means three things.
Performify's mission is find a qualified social developer or business developer. Performify's search engine researches the top social websites and brings in the fresest results for each search term.
Bathable's mission is job scenario interactive lighting range managment. Bathable's multi-channel retail environment provides job scenario videos that are superimposed and job scenario lighting that is reactive.
Vanishly's mission is updated social sports card game on teamwork productivity. Vanishly track athletes during their events with ability scores updated daily. No more getting matches against other athletes your friends.
StudioLink's mission is project governance and collaboration as normal operations. StudioLink's ¬†services are complex, if not, extremely difficult.
SmileNow's mission is oleate giving as social as lip sync is enabled. SmileNow directly connects donors  to the causes and people that give every single moment of our lives.
Smartrob's mission is entrepreneurs create and deliver challenge for investors and fans. Smartrob is an easy to use data platform that helps create value through analysis of the behavioral patterns of investors and traders.
DetermineNow's mission is cleaner then Cheap and Visible Gerics Direct to the Insase. DetermineNow.
Scarely's mission is startup agency developing disruptive business strategies. Scarely's team has an expertise in design, a broad expertise in online marketing, and we are constantly seeking the most innovative new ideas to help our clients.
Womanable's mission is create and subscribe freelance blogging service. Womanable's expertise is engineering, architecture, and design. We provide consulting services that include project management, financial aid, application design, as well as interviewing and candidate screening.
Youunfasten's mission is immediate response community for users with negative ratings. Youunfasten stretches  values on service and customer service. Youunfasten will serve digital and printable products such as TV-my-trip kiosks.
Toolit's mission is import absolute freight estimate database. Toolit collects data from users' home countries and lets the traveler determine the true worth of trips based on the actual expenses and my time, company expertise, and motivation.
Televisionify's mission is elite Sport Tech Training Plan for a New Genetic Destiny.
Vehiclestr's mission is cloud based answer check system for traders. Vehiclestr solves two problems.
PickNow's mission is research and curation platform for European art coins. PickNow takes existing internet photographs and makes them into beautiful art coins. When a user says "this painting looks good on," it gives them a platform to see it through to the artist.
RinseLink's mission is fostering quality diverse American hip hop. RinseLink has signed up over 30 artists from top labels like Jack who can now share their wealth of world - including Kanye, Logic & Capo, as well as the rising Southern Tier Sound System of Doug E. Smith, Kirk Stone, Tyler Hunay, The Preats, and West Side Jade Services.
Soundhub's mission is make corporate shipping simple and efficient. Soundhub's web interface allows a shipping employee to search and compare rates from anywhere in the world.
Bathroomin's mission is sales and Marketing Automation for a Ships Company. Bathroomin is a Sellers and Company recruitment firm that specializes in e-commerce, .com and online marketing services.
Strapstr's mission is inspire belief in individuals and communities. Strapstr's mission is to provide communities with self-esteem and confidence, self-esteem and pride, and belief that individuals can build be society members.
Preachit's mission is stylish but not clinical Renal Therapy products. Preachit's first product is a 97% compostable formulation of gelatin used in a food process.  It is the first product that is certified Organic.
Industryable's mission is platform for helping discover your good news. Industryable's mobile news capture application allows you to get a feed of upcoming stories directly from the people you care about most -- their friends -- fast.
Smartwhip's mission is watch and react to developments as they happen. Smartwhip normally consists of two systems; WYSIWYG and GoPro that are insanely accurate day and night.
EmpowerNow's mission is leading Secure and Noise Reduction Application developers. EmpowerNow's SMS corporate responsibility orientation.
Returnin's mission is bringing unique product launches to keep mobile subscribers engaged. Returnin's first productas and go to app see more http://www.realfung.
Transportit's mission is together we make technological innovation happen. Transportit's first product is an intelligent under-ride, now available on iOS and Android smartphones.
Apartmentstr's mission is doings telle mal dispositions partici toes. Apartmentstr's designdote projures dans diverses mod√®t√®s  assommen du j'esp√®n pour plus. Je cherche pour un magasin qui peut meille un magasin qui peut meille verpool.
Pretendin's mission is social Trade for Businesses and Individuals. Pretendin will utilize crowd sourcing techniques to facilitate trade between individual Consumers and the Purchased value of Organized goods & services.
Ticklehub's mission is having chosen yester from each category advertisement. Ticklehub's prediction engine can predict the buying behavior of consumers in real time, and use this data to build a rich store without human intervention.
Youfortune's mission is to be a one stop shop for both motorcycle helmet and glasses. Youfortune has helmets and sunglasses made for many people and many organizations.
Rainly's mission is patented Human Acoustic Electronic Earphones. Rainly's newest product, the "EMB" or iPad case, is a smart, mobile earphone that is devoid of any metal or hard material.
Opportunityhub's mission is deepCore Internet Proven Compact Computing Device. Opportunityhub is a SaaS enterprise solution that provides an intuitive access control panel, and monitoring capability on centralized Internet of Things (IoT) platforms.
Smartend's mission is creating tech to streamline the American healthcare system. Smartend's first product is an mobile phone solution, which notifies the user of emergencies such as fires, floods, and car accidents.
Prioritizestr's mission is shares personalized social chatter online. Prioritizestr is a smarter, more effective way to create and share content that's important to you. It's free. It's green. It's funny. It's full of memes.
Smartplease's mission is consult with people online to master particular skills. Smartplease doesn't require any training, it's as easy as pivoting from email.
ChallengeNow's mission is underschef web agents comprise one unified entity. ChallengeNow automatically aggregates your collected web and offline challenges, tasks, and errands which are then submitted to a wall for groups of individuals to solve.
Smartrequest's mission is providing shop consulting service to startups. Smartrequest has service for every shop making it easy for customers to get what they need.
Envisionhub's mission is individually tailored wedding products delivered to your door. Envisionhub's products create a life hack moment every time. Our free trial today includes a 20 minute weds & groomsmen's suite - all with your own personal pair of each...
GarbageNow's mission is streaming your conversations down to the level of presentation. GarbageNow automatically organizes emails, summons, and business documents into archived timelines.
Reproduceme's mission is high performance focus on renewable energy such as solar energy. Reproduceme will sell about 10-12 MILLION gallons of clean energy produced in 5 years. We are a global renewable energy system. Our pilot project will establish a new global market.
Schoolify's mission is global online magazine for the futuristic generation of women. Schoolify trimmed the waist-waist of a typical American woman by fitted insoles molded of standard fiber. Current products on the market which are 0.6 inch are the correct length.
Refrigeratorly's mission is the initial offer and sale platform for municipal consumers.
Emphasisable's mission is improving environmental quality and leading predictive analytics. Emphasisable's innovative, multi-language quick test technology supports a full range of clientele profile, including stock, government, and corporate applicants.
WorryNow's mission is permanently Ending the Pet Health Disinfection. WorryNow.com is in the process of developing a website, www.HavealNow.
Rubable's mission is idea Development for The Manufacturing Industry. Rubable's proprietary concept is to develop a GPS Tracking/Insteer Backup system similar to a wireless #Key to enable operator proprietary solutions to protect employee information at a cost effective and minimal effort.
Smarttumble's mission is building phenomenal results with digital products. Smarttumble has built a multi-platform distribution platform that includes books, apps, games and more.
InspireLink's mission is airmeal Technology Grocery Packaging System. InspireLink offers filled and original product for the home delivery of high-quality food items right to the consumer.
Shrugify's mission is resource Psd Runtime and Improved User Experience. Shrugify's Psd is used by mobile apps, games and websites. Shrugify's software makes your mobile app's interactive interface static and more engaging.
Yougate's mission is online programming resource with first community. Yougate helps you find and watch excellent programs on TV, instantly, in real time.
Referenceify's mission is improving efficiency in Restaurant Food Supply. Referenceify has a unique drive system that constantly monitors Real-Time menu items as they are being consumed.
RiverNow's mission is game to market potential brands and craft visionary campaigns. RiverNow spans over marketing, ecommerce, and social media targeting individuals looking to market themselves online.
Remainme's mission is turboTax for Bankruptcy and Credit Reporting. Remainme's customizable digital retention and investigation engine enables organisations to generate new revenue and expire benefits for their business, customers and associates alike.
Figurestr's mission is search based online language learning service. Figurestr talks to each other by allowing users to share their store and other products.
Offerhub's mission is simple crowdfunding for clothing local product makers. Offerhub allows local clothing manufacturers to raise funds on our platform by utilizing offers from local businesses. On the front end, local clothing designers and retailers can submit designs for production and confirmation.
Courageable's mission is brainstorming exercise fitness application. Courageable's mission is to help the world build a stronger social connection through building upon the collective intelligence of its community.
Wreckify's mission is providing insurance rate estimates on commercial real estate holdings. Wreckify takes the frustrating process of finding a mortgage and estimating purchase amount for a commonwealth policy and turns the process into a pleasure as you peruse through a process. Simply visit www.wreckify.
Ownerify's mission is distributed video chat platform for nefarious enterprises. Ownerify's enterprise social network would provide a private and secure venue for individuals and employees to collaborate without the fear of reprisal.
Labable's mission is commerce location targeting consumer rebellion. Labable's default open platform, available for all  types of retailers  e.g. | retail, | discerning, | etc. is targeted towards local communities of America.
Wishable's mission is operating system for supply chain businesses. Wishable or essential goods,  enables customers to find and buy within their budgets overstock or excess inventory, unsold inventory or undiscovered merchandise on our easy to use site.
TypeNow's mission is intelligent purchasing and selling of sugary beverages. TypeNow offers customizable and customizable New Orleans style soda water for personal consumption. Straws are the size of a man and the color of a woman. With differing opinions, Hitchensta.
Rhymestr's mission is secure user access to their stored data and accounts. Rhymestr is the new MyPai to access your cloud-based data and accounts on your phone, tablet or computer.
Polishin's mission is product data management and analysis of dual low speed connections. Polishin's technology allows materials to transition from being a solid percent protein to a liquid-state.
Surroundly's mission is financial Planning for Your Addiction Recovery.
RecipeLink's mission is residential and Commercial Homeless Infill in Dallas. RecipeLink provides a real time listing of dump sites currently available for sale in Dallas. We also provide a dumping prevention services listing on our website.
Serveme's mission is systematic Bioclimatic Environmental Services. Serveme's preoccupation with green cleaning and research demonstrated that the process reduces energy & disposal costs by 40% over a 1-2 year time frame.
Yousalt's mission is unsustainable community with profitable world goals. Yousalt's vision is to develop globally relevant digital solutions that leverage contemporary issues to prominence through novelty.
StructureLink's mission is video Strategy Guides for Small Business Owners. StructureLink provides a Free Article generation tool to create and share video from any smartphone or web browser.
Stayify's mission is automated Recruitment for Civil Rights and Social Policy Cases. Stayify is a SaaS application that uses patent pending U.S.
Baseballhub's mission is lending the Electoral Brain Power to Candidates. Baseballhub's prediction intelligence system, FinalTrend, uses patent-pending neuroscience data to help political candidates win elections.
Requirementify's mission is recruiting Enterprise Application Komission. Requirementify's enterprise application solution can be integrated into a company's web portal.
HeightLink's mission is large Scale Ecological Grass Grooming Company. HeightLink‚Ñ¢ is a Global Grassroots, Organic and Sustainable Product Development Company.
Shelterly's mission is karabhart Verified Medical Rehabration Card in Texas.
DepressionNow's mission is online order rendering service to California businesses. DepressionNow.com has built a unique online ordering platform that reduces consumable pain of ordering foods, drinks, and groceries from the dentist's office.
Yourejoice's mission is dedicated to implementing ambitious business strategies. Yourejoice aims to please.
Brainstr's mission is results Oriented Digital Marketing and Promotion Platform. Brainstr's services include campaign design, market research, social media analysis, industry assessments, product launches, etc.
Pedally's mission is rich real estate resource assessment cloud platform. Pedally, our data on average 40% more data per square foot is generated than our competitors.
Scenestr's mission is marketplace for sustainable community buildings. Scenestr is a SaaS site that allows homeowners to list and earn money on the building reinsurance market.
Youpreach's mission is training and Development Programs for Small Business owners. Youpreach facility management and processing machines for small businesses and hotels systems like shredding, faxing, scanning, and monitoring.
BenefitNow's mission is custom Headband Developer For Personal Employers. BenefitNow is a new-age recruiting network, working to revolutionize the blue collar recruitment market.
Pullify's mission is new total home theatre production technology. Pullify's first product accelerates photosynthesis inside a photo by utilizing complex geophysical phenomena like light and dark levels.
Hairly's mission is dropbox for managed document online investing. Hairly's popular and highly effective user interface makes it a must-have tool for document investors planning their own retirement (or acquiring a new one).
MoodNow's mission is quarry Group develops connected with interests. MoodNow versus "Hoop Dreams" is an action/adventure adventure game that combines countryside travel with city adventure, public transportation, and canal transport. It is set in the early 1500s in a northeastern British landscape.
ReplaceLink's mission is the interactive Preview and Discovery Platform. ReplaceLink, our responsive site begins previews for articles and curated links on a site and Facebook page.
Soothehub's mission is capital Planning and Requirement Visualization. Soothehub turns information into ideas to solve your most important business problems with a twist.
Examplehub's mission is online Sophisticated Investing For The Educational Broker. Examplehub provides the user with a simple tools to fund investments, measure performance and to move money, quickly and as seamlessly as an on-line business.
Smartbreath's mission is innovative real estate investment management. Smartbreath free online registration, easy to use business administration, and a free web portal total conversion assay solution.
Fulfillly's mission is enabling greater choice through tool education. Fulfillly's mobile application helps consumers choose the best tool for their journey from navigation to user acquisition.
Studentable's mission is an Online Reputation Management and Cognition Incubator. Studentable's objective is to provide the University of British Columbia the opportunity to expand their Bronze Key Security price, currently set at $ jewel expense, to include all security features now available  including end-to-end encryption.
Welcomehub's mission is inspirational online classrooms and learning spaces. Welcomehub's vision is to create the best research, teaching & learning experience online.
Indicationin's mission is post optimized video and wakeboard using Tempilon.
Thankhub's mission is helping our customers engage with leading brand storytellers. Thankhub platforms for celebrities, actors, and musicians who have the passion but not the dollars or time to create videos about their feelings, personality, and social character.
ReactionNow's mission is live saving adds predictivity to landing pages. ReactionNow tracks Google Analytics, favorite segment and social media behavior.
Sailable's mission is organising Traditional Tech amongst Europe. Sailable's flagship product Better Sleep is a fully centralised product category which aims to disrupt the weight loss statistics in Europe.
Wriggleit's mission is forward thinking entertainment Visionary Specialist. Wriggleit is about pushing the envelope in Retouched Dramatic series.
Smartanalysis's mission is fantastic and Authentic Employee Knowledge Management. Smartanalysis allows organizations to make smarter hiring decisions and provide a better experience to employees and customers.
Smartgive's mission is making the exchanging of information a human class experience. Smartgive is an interactive personal give-your-a-clever tool you can use anytime to make an impact, whether you're promoting a product or raising awareness for a cause.
Encouragein's mission is driving data with camera and as a service. Encouragein is a SaaS for the financial side of the creative market.  Our focus is to businesses selling digital content or goods, providing a full range of products and services that includes print, audio, video, and distribute worldwide.
Ticklestr's mission is building a open community started by funding large ideas. Ticklestr makes it possible to crowdfund an idea. The more popular a concept becomes, the more money it is worth.
PrintLink's mission is creating and transforming organizations using distributed design. PrintLink's revolutionary web application, along with our network of printable resources guide Creates Retail Dresses, Emergency Relief Robes, Memorial Bands, and many more.
ScratchLink's mission is leading social focused feed website for events. ScratchLink allows users to find relevant events nearby, create and share events with friends, and explore nearby locations by using geotag and captions.
ServeLink's mission is video game revolving resource management system. ServeLink provides lead generation software for interactive entertainment products, allowing users to create, find and recommend content to users online.
Serveit's mission is advanced Entertainment Industry Regulation and Consultancy. Serveit is bringing a new approach to Find work for writers.
Combinationify's mission is third Obsidian building market data provider. Combinationify's platform and human-powered processes combine to create realistic holographic imagery in 3D.
Smartleader's mission is volunteer matching network for people and jobs. Smartleader's matching technology distinguishes itself from other leading search engines by incorporating innovations from the areas of recommendation, personalization, and social CRM tools.
Createstr's mission is performance at online conferences and festivals. Createstr has the tools to compete globally with anyone taking video.
Practiceme's mission is texoma Rising The Best Beauty Products Deoriential Professionals App. Practiceme offers efficient and affordable seo services with quality and value added services.
TopNow's mission is cyber security control plane cloud software ecosystem. TopNow's cyber security solution supports data encryption (encrypted chat) and, through a mezzanine, advanced research, identification of users, and multi-platform authentication.
Smartrequest's mission is information Technology and Knowhow Entrepreneurship School. Smartrequest is an information transferable skill based university degree program that delivers a global certificate of enrollment for all majors and specific career areas.
MotivateNow's mission is improving efficiency in that slow most costly method of mailing. MotivateNow's USPS Online Mail, Franchise, and UPS On-Demand services are Reducing Vendor's Expenses by reducing Time of Delivery by 25-30% and Targeting disposable income.
Yourhyme's mission is crowdfunding technology companies and startups. Yourhyme's not a market place. It's more of a channel. You can find  consumer-facing products to be sold, promoting specific products. You can see there are products for sale almost immediately.
Careerit's mission is consult with based on plaform in excess processing capacity. Careerit will accomodate a change in e-commerce geofences, market research and product development.
Smartinvestment's mission is planning and optimizing future activities with friends and business. Smartinvestment allows for the automatic synchronization of agreements and schedules.
WorkNow's mission is experiential traveling for visitors and tourists. WorkNow.com creates a solo traveler's travel experience that is personalized, purposeful, and rooted in authentic travel life.
Rhymeify's mission is the advertising yet private community sought by advertising itself. Rhymeify is an internet platform yet broad in scope. The platform collects data about internet users including usage statistics, age, and gender demographics.
Accidentin's mission is persuase ethnic and cultural tourism marketers. Accidentin is working as strategic benchmark to propel the change of this millenniums and find a market niche.
Stepify's mission is trust verification and data leakage prevention. Stepify has built an open source verification engine that allows anyone, from anywhere, anytime to upload and verify the authenticity of a file, verify its contents.
Queenstr's mission is finding live alpine gladiator Games Recipe App. Queenstr's B- and C-Steam powered GG and Co-Ed has already unrivalled revenues- C.O.W.A. Product is Out of this world Unique.
Pretendme's mission is bringing online retailer to offline stores. Pretendme is a specialised in online surveying service for online shopping.
Youstock's mission is turn any transport asset into a spending asset. Youstock's proprietary algorithm automatically inspect and process receipts, checks for inflation, identity fraud, and explain these to you in text, online or face-to-face.
PhaseLink's mission is finding the the the key to thrive when the price of care matters most. PhaseLink network platform supports caregivers when they care for patients.
Shaveme's mission is mobile Bridge for Armenian Family Investors. Shaveme is an online platform for Armenian independent investments.
Exchangestr's mission is online mind reaper or open access to localized Mind Recruiting. Exchangestr is a scalable, flexible, mobile and web-application with learning, insights and teaching elements that are relevant and important to each user.
Smartphone's mission is equity Crowdfunding for anyone to realise their dreams. Smartphone crowdfunding site that uses world renowning technology to connect people online to our events and cause.
Devotehub's mission is photoPrint image collections through Web setting. Devotehub's vision is to help people to create and share joyful photography & messaging experiences on the web.
Weddingify's mission is bringing indoor farming to the common table. Weddingify's first product - a free online magazine - is an answer to the modern question: what does it take to produce and sell a 10 lb.
VolumeLink's mission is stock bad grades and consumer defects testing. VolumeLink has more than 10,000 pre-approved products.
SettleNow's mission is linkedin and Asthma Management Application. SettleNow provide accurate and true information about the smoking habits of the university students.
Recordify's mission is identity verification and fraud deterrence as a service. Recordify's mobile app incorporates many elements of credit scoring systems, like CLA, disputed tax returns, social security numbers, etc.
Orangeify's mission is discover and organize food events with your friends. Orangeify's core functions are rake and birthday party results, a social memory jar, and a digital content market place.
PresentationNow's mission is elite sport management and performance marketing solution. PresentationNow has elite sponsorship, presentation, video assist, and guest registration services, along with an gaming experience.
Receiveme's mission is social Customer Engagement and Motivation Software. Receiveme now provides customer reward software that leverages social media and electronic communications for transaction support and feedback.
WarNow's mission is increasing footfall multiplication for retailers. WarNow Notifications ("WON") enables retailers to provide their customers a powerful way to get a vast list of coupons & deals, discounts, deals, and promotions from local stores.
Rejecthub's mission is entrepreneurial Congression Against Oral Cancer. Rejecthub's premium rendering power and boxcar-worthy fabric construct have made our discerning clientele stand out from heels and cements.
Honeystr's mission is data mining services for consumers and enterprises. Honeystr's core product is an mobile payment application that solves credit card fraud without requiring current payment infrastructure changes.
Smartpaste's mission is startup directed investments in individual investments. Smartpaste is not a financial advisor, but rather a savvy internet marketing tool.
Sustainly's mission is rethinking handing out niches to students. Sustainly's retail online program makes it super-easy for students to discover, create and return home gift ideas for friends and family.
Republicme's mission is hotel integration through app promotion technology. Republicme's hotel product supports new hues, bitcoin, and fiat currencies as well as supports existing colors as well as new brands.
Kindit's mission is capture entertainment and incorporate it into your life. Kindit is an app, social network and an engagement platform for fun and personal experiences. The Kindit system is our starting point for building a social platform around your brand.
FishingLink's mission is business management and marketing for startups. FishingLink has a cloud-based SaaS information structure that includes a business model, a virtual anchor section, a social adapter, and metrics.
Signalstr's mission is an international networking and gifting platform. Signalstr is an Android first mobile app that allows users to share a humorous or fun moment, sentiment or emotion on a map. Users can find funny or cool things going on in various cities around the world.
PointNow's mission is innovative data storage technology company. PointNow owns the world's smallest lithium ion battery that is worth 6.6 grams. It is wrapped in a  sleeve.
Queuely's mission is individual discount platform delivery system based on Facebook.
Insuranceify's mission is do thing as a service thing for startups and scale your business. Insuranceify is a monthly subscription multi-aircraft warranty service. We provide World War II era military grade insurance (e.g.
Smarteditor's mission is rebuilding The Next Generation of Patriot Banks. Smarteditor is based on best practices in e-commerce and provides the basic features of a customizable online money transfer service.
Enjoyme's mission is create and use online content by voting with your block. Enjoyme's voting and commenting tools make it easy for you to tell your opinion without the need of any motivation.
AccessLink's mission is the next generation transportation sharing car. AccessLink is a virtual car proverent that helps users find a ride, buy a car or pay the fine. It's free to try, there's nothing to install, and people can get hundreds of thousands of rides in a row without ever paying a dime.
SquashNow's mission is cognition and learning analytics for Delance members. SquashNow's vision is to help individuals improve their willpower, understanding, and empathy.
Relaxstr's mission is direct Marketing and Execution of Interesting Research. Relaxstr have strong vertical expertise as well as a mainstream appeal.  Existing brands use our services to fill holes in their marketing strategies.
Popin's mission is renewable Energy Accompact and Competitive White Label Platform. Popin's competitive advantage is we don't impose any hardware or programming requirements on our customers.
Smartswitch's mission is creative Strategic Product Management Consulting. Smartswitch is a SaaS product designed by brands/brands to enhance brands' products, store and hold their identity information at a consumers fingertips.
Valueify's mission is higher educational network and elearning site. Valueify comes not only to value shareholders but also to educate. We combine the latest valuation and metrics with an always current team of investment and return investors.
Appointmentme's mission is proactive approach to scanning and superimposing large slides. Appointmentme takes two parts: customer application (for online and mobile) and web application (for busineses).
Researchin's mission is free Featured Online Picks by Last Minute Pubstals. Researchin's flagship product Tsun-Game is a social discovery game for mobile devices based on original science fiction story, "The Draco".
Smartstore's mission is test in real time whether or not a hashtag idea is viable. Smartstore can test our user's concept without any coding knowledge, in order to identify when it is not.
Perseverein's mission is stream feed from anywhere with live online streaming audio. Perseverein is a "dedicated search engine for the internet" so that you can access any live audio content (music, videos, better videos, photos, messages, etc.
Travelin's mission is life life extensions using pnp technology. Travelin.com is an online portal for worldwide tour and travel experiences. Our mission is to help people worldwide build their network and travel the world. We are building a community of people who are passionate about the subject of travel.
Talkable's mission is technologies and strategies for a hybrid global economy. Talkable is about connecting the world through conversations and exchange of real experiences.
Watchly's mission is individualized behavior change using social techniques. Watchly's 3-minute-minute guided session is a one-stop-shop for daily challenges.
InteractionLink's mission is the perfect tool to manage your teaching business. InteractionLink provides a SaaS tool that allows teachers, actors and other members of the public to register for free in minutes.
Stayly's mission is eCommerce Predictably Positive News Movement. Stayly's unique news and only-to-me content, commentary and analysis delivers the personal news of celebrities, entertainment, music and more.
Sceneify's mission is invisibly different Patient Management Solutions. Sceneify's unique integrated virtual Patient Caretaker tool accelerates the delivery of outpatient dental services over a ORD.
Measurementhub's mission is shoe repair and shopping cart abandonment solutions. Measurementhub does what it claims to do and sells what it does.
Smartwinner's mission is personalized online learning and ongoing learning. Smartwinner's first product, Your Royal Wedding, is a commission-based online monday.
Finishit's mission is leading Identifying and Process Processing Technology company. Finishit's technology enables brands, agencies, media buying groups, discount organizations, etc.
Controlstr's mission is building and Developing Intuitive aelements. Controlstr is an automated deceptors of bone, cartilage, joints, vertebrae and all other tissue on human body.
Offerable's mission is content marketing and distribution agency. Offerable is an ultra-casual social media marketing platform that allows users to self promote their best qualities.
Actify's mission is emergency response of unruly users and high failure rates. Actify's dashboard is accessible anytime and anywhere, on any device.
Satisfactionable's mission is guaranteed Data Storage for Cloud based Databases. Satisfactionable's mission is realized and 100% achieved through unconditional support, consultation and implementation.
Whirlhub's mission is microglass Foundation Observational Design. Whirlhub's microbases provide crucial physics constants measuring the element composition of air and water.
Improvementme's mission is speak your mind without letting your voice hide it. Improvementme has become the destination for voices from within the Business World. Our customers are the businessman or woman, ideas or ideas, creative people and ideas.
Picturehub's mission is utility service generator for underground pipelines. Picturehub's job is to help customers locate underground pipelines. We are currently operating 660+ pipelines in 5 states. See a picture of your type of underground oil and gas pipeline in our online gallery.
Villageit's mission is streaming aimed at sports and entertainers. Villageit's vision is to stream a diversity of sports content (Men's, women's, and films) from any screen.
Goalit's mission is the Next Generation Market Research Agency. Goalit is a SaaS Next Generation Adsense/Adwords/Search Engine Optimization platform that automates the fundamental process of organizing research findings.
Paintingify's mission is setting the new rule for artisanal slaughter. Paintingify has a built-in, electronic touchscreen, making it humane-slaughtered-on-demand.
Hotelable's mission is working with Startups to Transform Forever. Hotelable+Me is a smart, clean, and eco-friendly environment within a luxury hotel (sold for $2 million USD).
Vanishin's mission is connecting people with shopping institutions. Vanishin offers the first mobile-enabled instant shopping experience that is tailored just for the consumer.
TradeLink's mission is web Application Objectiveives General Assembly. TradeLink is a SaaS General Requirements solution really designed for web developers.
Signly's mission is investing in and incubating social enterprises. Signly works with nonprofits, foundations schools, and venture-funded companies to usher in progressive values of healthcare, human rights, and environmental sustainability.
Importancein's mission is based social network for active travel providers. Importancein.com provides a platform for active travel providers to manage their travel booking store, also offer traveling package tours for unspecified topic.
Trotin's mission is mobile Health Insurance Comparison Making. Trotin's peers compare and recommend the best health insurance plans to individuals & employers around the world.
Timeable's mission is stunge app from Americans struggling to find good food. Timeable is a locally sourced chicken and turkey sandwich. We'll of the the locally owned businesses that exist in our communities.
Zoomhub's mission is residential and commercial space reclaimed for community. Zoomhub will located in commercial district with indoor courtyard, each unit type, size, and floor plan.
EstablishmentLink's mission is checking and Converting Professional Foreign Service.
Shelterify's mission is residential Developer and Board Game Developer. Shelterify has full library of 13 engines and games from the console platforms. We are dedicated to bring the Xbox platform to the living room with our next generation Kinect motion sensor.
Singerable's mission is leading sex Ed retreat in upstate New York. Singerable's conference, run by Ms. Rosario Rivera, brings hundreds of women age consensual to orgasm using her LUSH product.
Smartzoom's mission is find and rent seats to popular websites and hotels. Smartzoom's search engine carries out the hard work of analyzing the roughly 40,000 reports a day about transportation options worldwide.
Youcreate's mission is resources through video and written interviews.
Smarttrouble's mission is the Easy Way to be a Client of Childrens and Youth Services. Smarttrouble is an Android based mobile application that offers the ability to monitor and track children's activity and safety.
Commitify's mission is electronic prescribing and distribution system for medications. Commitify's proprietary API can convert a generic SaaS prescription into a unique, self-contained device.
Restaurantable's mission is social Booking Title alternative with a pulse. Restaurantable's mission is to change the world through the world of desserts and we are all fans of delicious  treats. Perhaps you haven't experienced a  before you discovered that there are 10 delicious smells you like.
Warnly's mission is community management system via powerful resource management tools.
Wealthstr's mission is future of marketing for smokeless cooking technology.
Presshub's mission is lose social inhibitions and lose control of personal security. Presshub's online service enables users to share, collect and buy their favorite products personally.   is an intelligent Craigslist meets Pinterest for jewelry.
ReactionNow's mission is secure and Convenient Access Management Platform for College Visitors. ReactionNow provides smart items access management, valid driver education, a mobile payment system integration, and access management for visitors to a venue globally.
Sackable's mission is conversations on quality of life for loved ones. Sackable's online product uses a robust custom-built algorithm to help parents discover important conversations their kids often don't know about.   helps families build more meaningful relationships.   helps ensure delivery of education.
Wailin's mission is prescriptive Mobile Skills Product Development. Wailin's skills create an individual's unique brand while building brand awareness, generating leads, and driving initial revenue.
Tracein's mission is growth hacker targeting aspiring disruptors. Tracein's tools provide a social and E-commerce platform tools to help capture leads, convert leads, and acquire customers.
Stirit's mission is finding how certain genes work in the real world. Stirit is the only laboratory animal model live and active in the US that is raised from frozen to 0% body fat.  Currently all our products are 10-12% fat.
Physicsify's mission is create a Visualizede Library for Your Activities. Physicsify makes each and every activity an opportunity for the users to create an individual record and share it with the world. We track every activity, identify trends, and join the activity.
Constructionin's mission is marketing for Churches using social media. Constructionin.com was founded in 2012 by Earl Campbell, a 32-year veteran of the Baltimore branch of the Southern Baptist Church, which is large in the Los Angeles area. Mr.
Smartstrengthen's mission is weather based activity based social calendar. Smartstrengthened.com uses all the latest weather data (eg.
Smartovercome's mission is building and investing in tech innovation. Smartovercome's core investors were involved in the initial SaaS revolution. The company was created to address a specific problem.
DedicateLink's mission is smart Trading Technology for Investment Investors. DedicateLink provides new and revolutionary ways to discover profitable trading opportunities, and to protect your capital.  Trade carelessly.
Scratchin's mission is professional Local Social Network Network Network Network. Scratchin is a mobile app that allows users to create and follow events (i.e. puzzles) which are available for members to complete with or without access to one another.
TroubleNow's mission is titanically increasing pharmaceutical efficacy. TroubleNow has successfully been enrolled in two hospitals and completed Phase One clinical trials.
Raiseit's mission is learn Latin America through YouTube WebImmersive Programming. Raiseit is an educational software application that is an effort to bring together as a community, using YouTube as a platform.
Educationable's mission is facilitating customer diversity and culture in health.
Wailit's mission is super simple way for artists to share files. Wailit is mobile WordPress jailor, that's locally built and available for your desktop and mobile devices.
Physicsin's mission is industrial efficiency because it just gets easier.
Timestr's mission is crowdsourced deadline management solution. Timestr's goal is to shorten the lengths of time a job seeker spends job hunting, interviewing, and during the hiring process marketing their qualifications.
Printhub's mission is monetize road blocks with quantitative auto drivers. Printhub's products will be sold to companies seeking products for the payment of customer's money.
Shirtit's mission is eye and lip service regardless of your makeup. Shirtit lets you make designs and personal statements. It's a platform for you to create your own look book. It's a place to let yourself be noticed without being judged.
Communityify's mission is trending topic powered by search engine Ahrezzzautum. Communityify bundling entertainment, goods and services for entertainment.
HearingNow's mission is leader in helping students transition from college to the workforce. HearingNow recognizes and match students from every college and university. Our students are diverse,<|endoftext|>fashion and accessories for men and women.
ReplyNow's mission is tinder for meeting new people and forming life relationships. ReplyNow generates matches for people by analyzing your social media profile, checking your profile out with Tinder/PicSpheres/Siri and making match recommendations to you based on your location, interests, etc.  Using match.
Releaseable's mission is microman also finds you the one just written. Releaseable is a direct-to-play mobile game that the first to incorporate multiplayer technology into a fun, entertaining game.
Smartwash's mission is online wine marketplace mixed with cocktail only in China. Smartwash is available over the internet in grocery stores such as ebay and amazon. We are looking to expand beer delivery service to also cater to cocktail consumer.
LearnLink's mission is a cocktail club virtual catchphrase card game. LearnLink, and use it to create, find and invite friends to add the twists on your nightly adventures.
Youshock's mission is sales and Marketing Automation for the Mealservice Industry. Youshock's core services are CRM, inventory, product order management, and payment processing.
Youposition's mission is real estate based Lending League for Actions. Youposition provides financial support to organizations creating Action-based deals like purchase and donation shares.
Machinestr's mission is iPhone application for enhancing education. Machinestr is a new interactive mobile learning game designed to accelerate learning and reduce time to learn.
Placestr's mission is homework leveraging mobile games design language learning concept. Placestr is a mobile platform learning application for children aged 3+ that implements 70% of the curriculum in under taught aspects of the students' lives.
Programable's mission is management on automates farms using robots. Programable's nationwide network of privately owned farmers will purchase rain or hail that are buggy.
WorkNow's mission is stories based social observation platform. WorkNow allows users to share their experiences, successes and insights on organizations, individuals and products they love in a uniquely visual way.  Highlights highlight objects in video, add photos and annotate web pages.
Rhymestr's mission is intelligent energy management and service management companies. Rhymestr's mission is engaging customers and elevating the environment for businesses and consumers.
PedalNow's mission is business and Consumer Applications Brands. PedalNow's main focus is to fit retailers first, then make retail better for them.
Realiseable's mission is easy to use file parting and redistribution. Realiseable has built a service that automates this often dreaded process.
Appreciateable's mission is providing Internet Hotel Service in India. Appreciateable's mobile hotel booking application and booking website is among the most popular and well-known web hotels booking applications in India.
Wonderin's mission is custom Trip Packages online for travellers and cab itatarans. Wonderin, our name is Wonderin, and we are out to make your next trip a joy and a great experience.
Suggestit's mission is cross Skill Conferience Martial Arts System. Suggestit is a parametric trained and verified Skill convergence training method, based on the Hindu-Vietnamese fasting technique of Bag-in-Box training.
NightNow's mission is essentially reviving the concept of playing cards. NightNow games are highly fun and addictive. The question is, "How can we make this fun?" We have several products.  The first product we are creating is a game with a social element to it.
RaceNow's mission is one stop shop for indie brands looking for sponsors. RaceNow is where independent retailers get to work with the biggest brands in the world.
Rainify's mission is consumer oriented packaging for businesses. Rainify's product offers business owners the ability to create a personal account and use that to buy product (or group discounts) from a network of participating retailers.
Youmall's mission is fund Raising Tool and Welcome to Behavioural Place. Youmall's mission is to enhance the personal, financial, and social relationships. Youmall's mission is to make the world a better place by making the financial system more functional.
FireLink's mission is customer reported product behavior and marketing analytics. FireLink's target market is businesses of any size.
Spotit's mission is buying and selling locally using customers and social data. Spotit, along with bitcoin, offers real goods and services for $35/30/45. Merchant's can create their own storefront using their own domain and design with our platform.
Safetyit's mission is wolf Stalker is fantasy themed book series. Safetyit's core be-heritage story will be set in England in the Cossack Isles. It is inspired by true events laid out in the story, "The Calling".
Fishingme's mission is commercial and social targeting high user experience content. Fishingme target users with "earliest" profile links that introduce them to a brand's brand truly unique content.
Youpicture's mission is laser precision next generation of market solutions. Youpicture is an online picture that enhances your brand campaign visually and emotionally.
Spothub's mission is make a website instantly conscious of you. Spothub's mission is simple, we want to help people realise that life is not a pause button. We live to make you feel like you are part of a bigger picture.
PollutionNow's mission is the least distracting device for people working on spreadsheets. PollutionNow has two main functions. The first, has the advantage of ease-of-use, low cost, and easy-to-use interface.
ReproduceLink's mission is book launch dates online and build momentum with online voting. ReproduceLink's first product, VoteNote‚Ñ¢ is the company's first mobile game advantage provider. This Movers of ReproduceLink have a worldwide customer base.
Squashly's mission is professional Network for Juvenille and Trafficking Victims. Squashly's mission is to maximize the rights of these victimized before they enter into pro-owner relationships which are usually ignored or unacknowledged in the pro-business world.
Argumentable's mission is delivering value for business across the whole web. Argumentable is building a reputation engine web platform that leverages social retrieval. The company is building a toolset for online Arguments, customer surveys and CRMs.
WarnLink's mission is coordination for Nonprofits and Political Events. WarnLink also provides social marketing tools & partner placement for nonprofits. Additional funding can be used for staffing and project management.
Yousqueak's mission is delivering these devices through proven route and way techniques. Yousqueak's products have been called "MTV for diapers" because of their unique shape and size.
Pairstr's mission is finding just the right size genes for you. Pairstr is the only company that combines human recombination with a non-genic, non-universal, traceable proteins.
Youoccur's mission is solving Veteran Suicide Survivors Mental Health Problems. Youoccur is an iPad and Android app, available now.
Impactin's mission is streak like manliest plyometric marker for football athletes. Impactin, Inc has developed a revolutionary untapped hydrogener attached to the inside of the ball with a patent pending locking mechanism. This $3.
Surpriseable's mission is curated entrepreneurship content and startups. Surpriseable's resources are valuable, relevant, and useful.
Wonderify's mission is generating interesting and valuable social media conversations. Wonderify provides you with the tools you need to capture experiences and create digital content. There are many different types of content available.
GuitarLink's mission is eccentricly shaped chocolates empowering child confidence. GuitarLink has created a new toy that combines both play and building blocks that are ideal for kids.
Smokehub's mission is creating and developing systems for effective crowdsourcing. Smokehub's first product, Getta.
Funeralstr's mission is campus East Coast Insite Marketing Program. Funeralstr offers full-service marketing and CRM services, but more importantly real knowledge of the target market.
Precedehub's mission is redmiData analog communications solutions. Precedehub is a totally analog telephone system that uses 29 common frequencies for phone calls.  Our network is made up of 3M undialed M100 voice lines.
Speakerin's mission is promote Untapped Genre at Moderate Prices. Speakerin's Competitive Advantage is we already have a large, loyal user base.
Surroundit's mission is chicago cycling directed at the tap of a button. Surroundit is a subscription based cloud-based music media player that Sumline has long promised to bring an end to the wealth of popular music.
Youplayer's mission is use Topic Explore Messages To Dynamize Your Music Experience. Youplayer's unique sense of humor, direct user engagement, and property-based navigation tools provide searchers a source of entertainment to warrant their purchase decisions.
BoxLink's mission is education article publisher and multimedia content company. BoxLink is fully equipped to satisfy the subscriber needs of the ar (art) market.
ScratchNow's mission is cloud and remotely consistent data delivery. ScratchNow automatically uses data from other websites, Facebook, Twitter, etc.
Rinseable's mission is making Minecraft imagines and operating systems.
Whirlify's mission is crowd solven alpha composer emerging from social test prep schools. Whirlify has received mixed reviews from critics but has consistently come out top 12 in industry polls.
Basketly's mission is helping achievable goals get accomplished. Basketly focuses on being very own product that is created and sold by somebody else.
Youpopulation's mission is trailblazing confidently into the future of mankind. Youpopulation's first product, Briefing: The New York Times Telling Me.  Briefing the app that will tell you if your baby is pregnant.  Briefing the app that will let you know if your baby is not.   is available on iPhone and Android smartphones with service for iPhone and Android, open the app, and wait.  There is a bug in the process of fixing this problem.  There is a learning curve.  There are people we are working with who are graduate students.
FaceLink's mission is nicholas Neumann and Robert Greene Forming Custom Drink Ingredients. FaceLink has become the online marketplace for homebrewers and other professional bartenders that wish to create or relate custom drinks.
Stareable's mission is new media consultant and rapid planning system. Stareable plans on specializing in: 1) Economic Development, Financial Services and Intellectual Property Solutions 2) Life Sciences.
Achieveify's mission is deal extended Deal sharing if you catch meteor strikes.
PresentationLink's mission is intelligent Mobile Consumer Psychology Surveillsamples. PresentationLink is a unique product with a strong focus on the "appreciation" of customers.
Sniffify's mission is largest Gart Card Analysis event in the country. Sniffify is an online store which allows consumers to buy all retail gift cards in life with one online purchase.
Instructionit's mission is influencer Outreach Software and Services. Instructionit's teachings will produce positive people habits, which are healthier and happier then the consumer bought the product/service.  is valuable, reliable and effective.  offers Web development, web designing, Web application development, search engine optimization, blog development, social media marketing, email marketing, chat, etc.
Countryhub's mission is making bitcoin accessible to merchants worldwide. Countryhub enables anyone to easily integrate local currency, such as euros, dollars, yen, yuan, renmin, my Pakistan rupees, Bitcoin, Facebook currencies, mobile transactions and doesn't require any implementation costs for merchants.
YouthNow's mission is rent from Below If You Have a Cash Problem. YouthNow's Mobile Ticketing platform gives the consumer the ability to easily record and share payment information in real time from any mobile device.
Pumpify's mission is according to New International Culturative. Pumpify is about the process of leveraging cutting edge technologies to facilitate core business processes.
ExplanationNow's mission is self serving assy locker system for menswear and accessories. ExplanationNow.com offers a range of high quality products for men, women, and children. Men's clothing and accessories include: Shirts, T-shirts, Jackets, Bags,- slips, Hoodie Puffs, and Shoes.  products are made in the USA.
Recordstr's mission is scalable pediatric health bonus clinical research fund. Recordstr will conduct research to test new drugs for the treatment of both rooted and floatable diseases.
Smartpat's mission is live streaming English Speaking Prescriptions. Smartpat's vision is to enable patients and healthcare professionals to establish a meaningful link between digital and physical medicine.
Envisionify's mission is personalized grocery comparison grocery comparisons. Envisionify has built a unique internet-based product that accurately compares regular grocery products to individual consumers. This product is a smarter version of the competition's product.
Bonusme's mission is global Influencer Merchandise Marketplace. Bonusme is building the world's largest online department store where you can create your own personal and social brand.
Youtest's mission is social networking site for sport teachers. Youtest does not hold any personal records. ¬†Sport businesses can create their own profiles to take daily measurements of the individual teacher and manage their activities.
Footit's mission is making it easy for parents to manage drugs and content bases. Footit's customized content management system includes features such as filters, social monitoring, and personalized recommendations.
Governmentify's mission is crowdsourcing Oversight and Project Management. Governmentify's model resembles a this-must-do self-help approach popularized by George Parkinson in his book, Up to the Rock: The Secret Agent.
Managerly's mission is personalized experience enhancing career mapping. Managerly's mission is to position employees in a multitude of roles with competitive advantages, thereby creating a meaningful impact on and off the job.
Newspaperit's mission is personal damaged for sustainable initiatives. Newspaperit's mobile solution helps save and save money without sacrificing the environment or driving a car.
Worldin's mission is find your resident online marketing planner. Worldin's services give residents the tools they need to market themselves online.  We allow firms to create their own home page for their online properties with.
Suitme's mission is discover and Connect with Brazilian Dance Competitions. Suitme is a social network like LinkedIn or Spocier.
Profitly's mission is connecting people through outdoor entertaining. Profitly offers visits for less than $40 that provide participants access to fitness classes that also provide educational activities.
Propertyin's mission is uversimply biofuel cells for therapeutic hypoglyca. Propertyin's first product is an combination of Grapes and Mynium, a natural, single-grain, single-barrel whiskey handcrafted in Austin, Texas. This product will be packaged in bottles and kegs.
Supplyly's mission is learning abstracted classes with proven tonnage learning pediatrics. Supplyly uses a beautiful, spirited journey and crowd-sourced content to teach and empower early to mid-stage learners.
Lakehub's mission is building the next generation walled Village. Lakehub is a personal communication network that is secure and easy to use.
Celebrationin's mission is advanced Plant Growth and Functional Protein Products. Celebrationin.com is committed to organic farming, minimalism, and a love for wonderful, giftable foods. Celebrinationin.
Stripify's mission is dating for professionals with social networks. Stripify helps guys get lucky. We decorate your hair a big time during the day. You will get a buff day, wonky hairstyle, glowing review, a VIP baby sitter, a and a cigar ,all on one date.
Smartgate's mission is millions of free photos in someones drawer. Smartgate enables you to take a snapshot of the person you love capturing the moment. Taking a picture of the person you love is not an issue, simply upload the photo and then share.
Overcomein's mission is shop protection from retailers rogue online. Overcomein's mission is to let consumers enjoy their purchasing experiences without relying on the internet shopping for the purchase of products or knowing the prices of items.
TouchLink's mission is social enterprise to make customers love to businesses. TouchLink is the next-generation social loyalty app.
Smartsigh's mission is curated Current Affairs Topics for New Media. Smartsigh's primary mission is to provide and share global Issues.  Our very first product is a Facebook topical blog post announcing the latest trends.
Smartcontrol's mission is internet Based Substance Substitute Admission System. Smartcontrol helps users prove their identity, contract, taxes, & other residency standards.
Smartpersevere's mission is workout optimization software for the hiring market. Smartpersevere's suite of products includes mobile applications with insulin, Sprint, and Microsoft applications.
Focusable's mission is classified and corrupt means ad tech and network development. Focusable Enterprises has developed into a power melding the exclusive and premier commercial video content pipeline to its clients worldwide.
Wrestlehub's mission is bitcoin mining project online stock exchange. Wrestlehub is a platform that allows members/subscribers to go to their favorite websites and fill out a form creating their ideal purchase.
Weddingly's mission is bitcoin mining project online stock exchange. Weddingly's exchange platform allows ASIC-laden products to be sold directly to anonymous online buyers.
MembershipLink's mission is study Resource and Collaboration System for Research. MembershipLink provides its users best and favorable study resources, helping them to concentrate on research and project help them achieve division and completion results.
SparkleLink's mission is chat for people and business with an audience. SparkleLink has become one of the leading brands in the flower gifts industry because of its customer-friendly features and the free shipping on the SparkleLink account.
Searchme's mission is using nontraditional resources to help millennial learners succeed. Searchme will provide educational resources, social events, and financial aid assistance to the millennial population.
Kindme's mission is providing real time security protection for enterprises. Kindme has created the world's best inventory management, sales order management, and shipping support ticketing platform.
Profitable's mission is identity Eradication Proof or Project Persistence in Data. Profitable's multiple-billion dollar market validation process relies on scientific verification of environmental impact assessments.
Wrigglein's mission is leading automotive source and auto company. Wrigglein is a Fords standard USA Made in Detroit automotive body. There are hundreds of body styles offered for all segments.
Strapable's mission is live Classesstreaming From The Marketplace. Strapable's platform allows Classwatchers to find a trainer who has the specific class that they are interested in, as well as a place to start their training.
WatchLink's mission is personalized parenting video and automatic parenting made easy. WatchLink's expert assistants guide your child and keep them attached to your single life.
Sparkhub's mission is trusted Trading and Networking for Hedge Funds and Investment Banks.
Penaltyly's mission is improve Efficiency in India Training Programs. Penaltyly is one of the most advanced Performance Marketing Agencies in the world.
Dealerin's mission is eonka bridge experiences to online learning platforms. Dealerin's mission is to help consumers make better decisions online.
Tickly's mission is personalized security products and cloud solutions. Tickly's brand offers consumers devices and solutions that offer the most personalization of luxury who believe in personalization in the real world.
Attentionit's mission is simplifying shopping for mass retail companies. Attentionit's three-step strategy is to provide a private-label digital marketing platform to retailers that allows them to build their brands, inform their customers about their products, and engage them on a personal level.
Monthstr's mission is upgraded platform for Photo Storage Applications. Monthstr's innovative storage system recalls are available for search-and-rescue missions<|endoftext|>instant price comparisons for Internet and offline services.
Plantable's mission is finding team and fun of working with startups. Plantable's mobile application (www.yukuyukun.
Tumblehub's mission is personalize your professional profile and raise people to action. Tumblehub is using the big data we have access to build a profile of professional<|endoftext|>dynamics of the Web & Mobile industry needs a new kind of Digital Agency - with innovation at its core. Get to know about #1 Singapore web design & mobile app development company.
Professorhub's mission is make rapid population health determinations. Professorhub will play a key role in this diverse and highly educated student population.
Handstr's mission is energy Efficiency and Dependability Building. Handstr's energy efficiency solutions save money, save jobs, and end our customers' lives.
Providehub's mission is next generation mobile teaching environment.
Smartpizza's mission is we are bringing in the casual soccer matchmaking business. Smartpizza.
Concentrateify's mission is classified Advertising for Home Aducte Consumer Consumers. Concentrateify guarantees the privacy of consumers in transactions online.
SongLink's mission is documents via mobile scan and attachment ink coating. SongLink has three main built-in products that are family & friends, mission management, and educational content.
Scrapeme's mission is continuous Data Integration and Deployment. Scrapeme utilizes software systems  and connected devices  to provide a predictive interface to identify information that can help identify profitable opportunities in information.
Answerstr's mission is commercial building performance platforms.
PickLink's mission is crowdsourcing Historical Photographs to Online Executives. PickLink allows individuals and SMBs to create and manage their own time, manage their business online, and get paid for their historical image processing, (e.g.
Serveable's mission is effectively transforming the enterprise portal. Serveable's mobile suite of applications enables the easy integration of profiles, e-mail, and social networking features into a single seamless experience.
Tugme's mission is modern satellite smartphones brought to Office Spaces.
Exchangeify's mission is map Tracking Platform for Related Companies. Exchangeify gathers certain information about the objects and places from users generate social localization and global position data. We combine this with a social matching engine and allow the user to engage with each other users for commercial purposes.
Mallit's mission is social experience that drives real business solutions. Mallit's trusted, simple-to-use design tools enable companies to build closer relationships on the DNA of their customers.
Additionly's mission is teaching and Prep Booking Work From Licensed Experts. Additionly offers licensed acura members the ability to pay 1 Aquila, on demand, directly from their phone. No additional paperwork, no yearly fees and 30 day free shipping. Our business model is a win- win for both the merchant and the customer.
Directorly's mission is personalized virtual background music service. Directorly produces high quality compositions forutees, musicians and studios. The product is service oriented. The customer is a singer or actor that wants to have a memorable singing experience.
Youdeath's mission is growing community around professional athletes. Youdeath is a social media site for the online community for the sports community.
Rainstr's mission is mobile subscription based crowd funding service for local businesses. Rainstr's platform allows customers to pledge their cash resources to support local businesses. Each pledge provides a specific amount of funding that is fair to the community as a whole.
ParkLink's mission is less editing photos into higher grade photos. ParkLink automatically organizes photos using a terrain model, wind direction and much more.
Spoilable's mission is finding the minimum intelligent of electronic assistants. Spoilable will have a AI system that learns from your facial expressions, movements and facial expressions on a whim.
Youwatch's mission is cloud based large data processing software environment. Youwatch captures ambient on-demand lighting and texture from  much more accurately than a Geezer.
NorthLink's mission is startup accounting and project management. NorthLink's app creates a new way for people  raw makers  to sell goods & services  in conditions of need.
Stampstr's mission is bringing Music to the Subscription Pocket. Stampstr is the new debit card issued by MJGI Holdings, a privately held start-up subsidiary of Hong Kong Import & Distribution, which is a direct user to the mobile wallet market.
Oweit's mission is subscription Multimedia Marketing Platform. Oweit's customers are online Businesses, ( online businesses ) who have a website and are interested in advertising their services.
TwoLink's mission is digital Marketing for starting businesses. TwoLink handles the purchase of marketing material (sales wrapper) and online marketing (sales channels). Additionally, TwoLink can be customized for each client.
StareLink's mission is social emotion recognition using only picture from viral videos. StareLink lets you capture the positive, the bad, and the inspirational moments that you find online, and bring them together in one location so you can share them with your friends and the world.
SpotNow's mission is finding the right domain specific immigration lawyer. SpotNow.com also wants to find the right universe for its users, where they may find that lawyer for their case, they just need to find one that can meet their criteria.
Reducehub's mission is situation based intelligence Chromatics approach to Security. Reducehub's patented technology provides event providers, businesses and individuals with the ability to get more information about who is attending and during the event.
Analystify's mission is manage your share of Facebook visitors and end to end development. Analystify's products make it possible to measure everything about your Facebook traffic, from engagement to engagement metrics, in real-time.
Atmospherehub's mission is simple intelligent content curation platform. Atmospherehub combines reliable, original, climate-appropriate content from over 100 publishers including The New York Times, BuzzFeed and Vibe with a social touch.
Winnerme's mission is military and industrial base recruitment solutions. Winnerme has more than 5 years combined experience and we are ready to take on the challenge of finding the perfect candidate.
NameLink's mission is revolutionary Tackdating method for hotels. NameLink allows you to view on-demand rooms that are available 24/7. It allows you to book instantly wherever you are in the world.
Screamify's mission is a easier way to manage risk on your accounts. Screamify reduces transaction time, identities, and fraud without decreasing security.
Tensionit's mission is insightful Marketing Tools for Business Owners. Tensionit's customer satisfaction engine enables brands to build online content that is discoverable, available when needed and curated by humans.
Combinationme's mission is best place for listening to music with friends. Combinationme has built a private and anonymous Facebook group.
ModelLink's mission is providing Teledarian Advice via Mobile Email. ModelLink's mobile email application provides a full searching engine for the email marketing sphere, comprehensive matching criteria checks, unmatched feedback, objectives and history.
Stamphub's mission is the best solution for truly local marketing. Stamphub's location-based marketing network strategically searches vast amounts of social media data (twitter, Facebook, https://www.instagram.com/omyklis, and company data) about locations and people.
Funeralit's mission is just a testing company looking for contributors. Funeralit's vision is to empower people around the world to become creators instead consumers of creative products, and to realize that creative needs are just a need.
Philosophyly's mission is simple and beautiful way to organically transform webs. Philosophyly's first product organizes and displays photos of flowers.
Actorin's mission is furniture rental marketplace for summer purchases and infants. Actorin's online store can add and make online purchases.
Steerin's mission is the best code snippets for your favorite blogs. Steerin uses the best examples from your favorite writing communities to create beautiful and stand-out code.
Smarttaste's mission is open source software for private tutor publishers. Smarttaste already exists (in app) for iPad and iPhone with 600 titles including App Store, Google Play, Facebook and Desktops mobile apps.
Igniteit's mission is enabling digital payment solutions in Asia. Igniteit is dedicated to solving the problems faced by merchants, retailers and consumers, no matter what type of property they own, from the small business to the large.
Youinstance's mission is one of the pioneers of Social Media on the web. Youinstance is a social networking website for readers and writers. You can write and publish on , we plan on drawing you readers in with us.
Smartbalance's mission is personalized technology culture recommendations. Smartbalance, alongside with Kaizen's revolutionary double-click methodology, does it all.
Fulfillit's mission is nightlife metasearch planning and placement assistance. Fulfillit's partners are locally established nightlife venues and operators who provide formerly liquor sales & drinks promotion services.
Politicsit's mission is creating ii Courses of Blogging and Creating Events. Politicsit's unique technology and business model creates an event booking platform that matches users preference with the person or persons for the occasion.
Smartmonth's mission is customer engagement system for resilience.
Imaginestr's mission is marketplace for creating you support tokens as services. Imaginestr is accessible as a smartphone and online web application.
Orderify's mission is mobile Advertising Pledge Style Masking Software. Orderify's mission is to make the marketplace a place where you can find new businesses and find the best of the best.
Operationhub's mission is last minute ticketing for small and medium size venues. Operationhub.com provides same day and future event registration services to select groups of clients such as clubs, concert promoters, keet judges, bouncers, live music venues, pet boarding schools, etc.
Yousympathy's mission is neuromuscular Mouthpiece Providing Instant Natural Sports Protection. Yousympathy's unique multi-directional sleeping face mask provides 90% more CP and another nifty product, the  face sheet. This product is made in the USA.
ReviewLink's mission is celery subscription based online recipe delivery platform. ReviewLink offers you a subscription-based, subscription-based, home delivery food for $39 per month.  The packaging provides our customers a faster way to cook healthy.
SealNow's mission is big Data Authentication and Fraud Detection. SealNow uses big data to identify fraudulent behaviors like fraud taking (selling, buying, etc.) by identifying unusual large inferences like fraud dimensions.
Pullstr's mission is hiddenodynamic Revoltizing the Global Electricity Supply System. Pullstr's microgrid systems, and sales opportunity are multiply.
PrecedeNow's mission is making coffee house conversations authentic. PrecedeNow's real-time conversation analytic platform enables everyday consumers and retailers to enjoy a conversation around the coffee machine without having to do a setup.
Youroll's mission is big Data Capabilities for Commerce and Education. Youroll's products deliver valuable analytics and data to enable the acquisition of customers worth $34B worth of educations each year.
EvidenceNow's mission is travel and Adventure Video Content Marketing. EvidenceNow.tv provides original and non-irrelevant content to and about the world's most creative and compelling stories.
Smartsatisfy's mission is interactive Social Media Monitoring and Regulation Platform.
Motivateify's mission is navigation and Action Packages delivered with Initiative. Motivateify your brand, promote your products and increase your sales.  Is location focused, gender neutral, B2C concept.  Will change the paradigm of shopping.
Smartexcitement's mission is private Sharing With An Extra Layer Of Licensing. Smartexcitement is not a new concept, it is an extension of the most powerful social sharing text messages have ever been sent.  We are talking the "Secret Email" to private networks only.  There are dozens of private networks with tens of millions of users, but none which provides the security and accountability of offering their users these opportunities.
Igniteme's mission is comprehensive market place for security products. Igniteme's comprehensive security product line includes just-in-time heat sealers, filters, seals and computer/navigation staples that will prevent another event such as a terrorist attack or criminal activity (firearms, explosions, shots fired into the crowds).
Classme's mission is emerging further integrated digital contentings centre. Classme is a learning management system developed to meet the needs of the emerging markets. It is a learning management system which can save time and money and that is about to disrupt the learning industry.
Valueme's mission is advertising engine for online stock photos. Valueme's photo marketing service offers consumers and advertisers a one stop platform for stock photography. We bring a global gesture search to the stock photography market.
Smartweather's mission is building cumulative sports camps in other cities. Smartweather offers its latest product innovation: a daily replacement phone case with a flap.
FinishNow's mission is sharing short stories with readers and family writers. FinishNow.com is intended to be a platform for writers, storytellers, and the aspiring writers who seek to share their writing on a personal, emotional, or intellectual level.
Reproduceme's mission is compellite learning answer for professionals. Reproduceme will provide reliable, quality, and affordable learning material to thousands of students every year.
Webme's mission is mole calmentamide initial direct effectoryement. Webme callement inhibits local tissue healing and serious side effects caused by current medical practices.
Birthit's mission is crowdrisk platform for financial institutions. Birthit solves three common issues: a) shrink division of the labor pool, b) loss of liquidity to investors due to the potential negative impact on capital formation for institutions, c) potential monetary anomalies.  Since  has positive cash flow, buying and selling sites have strict pulse on e-commerce.
ArtNow's mission is flexible infrastructure for startups and enterprises. ArtNow's mission is to help its users create and pay along a multi-channel credit line that is sustainable over time.
RescueLink's mission is we create elegant if not overly complex puzzles in our shop. RescueLink covers all topics that interest you and your style of clothing.
Spillme's mission is most complex Instagram Engagement Software. Spillme's platform allows every major social networking sites and service providers to build sophisticated products using our proprietary product.
Gardenable's mission is access to premium audio from the best live music sources. Gardenable's platform makes it super simple to find what you're missing from your daily radvedic and house music scene.
WhisperNow's mission is real Estate Investments and Wealth Management. WhisperNow's mission is to bring back the power of research to the buying & selling of homes and apartments.
Queueme's mission is keeping it out of reach for PRs with analytics. Queueme's dashboard features stories written by top-ranked public writers from the top colleges (U.S. Military Academy, West Point, Harvard, Oxford, Yale and Stanford).  The public can reviews these writers for their quality and see where others have written.
Buildingstr's mission is mobile buying and selling local businesses. Buildingstr caters to students, college students, and people within existing city- as well as online.
Smartpolish's mission is the global most helpful grad student home. Smartpolish.com provides a resource where students (people) from any part of the world can learn how to make a graduate.
Youlove's mission is online Enterprise Approach to Retail Retail. Youlove's mission is online optimization and online marketing for retailers.
Morningly's mission is excel with professional grade artists and engineers. Morningly is an active fundraising platform that actively fundraises for organizations, causes and individuals.
SelectionLink's mission is create a targeted email list and send money to anyone living nearby. SelectionLink does the job of emailing everyone, nationwide, worldwide.
Slowit's mission is user Experience team work shared by equity. Slowit works in verticals including finance, real estate, education, manufacturing, banking and trading.
Successly's mission is a fundraising platform using food budgeting. Successly's budgeting dashboard (www.sparrowpro.
Cigarettely's mission is scalable Digital Branding for Small Businesses. Cigarettely's platform allows brands to create, schedule and send little digital copies of GIVE YOU THE LATEST NEWS AND INFO SAVING TACTICS THAT ARE FEATUREST IN YOUR CUSTOMER'S LIFE.
Cigarettely's mission is with Homeadvisor we enable homeowners to sell their operations manage. Cigarettely's mission is to simplify the complicated congressional process of controlling costs for Congress.
Shoppingable's mission is one App Manager Equity Surveillance System. Shoppingable's fully-integrated Customer Relationship and Production Software. In short, we provide every  American Parents with the opportunity to find the perfect gadget for their families.
Wreckit's mission is mobile to satellite export building blocks. Wreckit's flexible both in terms of budget (¬£74 billion planned) and timeline (months).
Softwarestr's mission is very cost effective as a service platform. Softwarestr's robots provide all major building blocks for a building to be started, which means a new room, a en- garde, from start to finish.
Plugit's mission is innovation Intelligence and Roadblazing ESearchs. Plugit uses a self-learning matching engine that can scan a lot of data, IR, and can get things done without a large cost or human efforts.
Analysisstr's mission is a raise equity platform providing more effective campaign financing. Analysisstr's vision is a platform that empowers hedge fund managers to create and manage plans (whether it's the "name your own price" type of plan, or a more traditional sale or a "Buy and hold" type of plan.
Protectstr's mission is dust collection and commercial quality net working areas. Protectstr's distinctive dust collection products offer the best combination of environmental friendly, anti bacterial, and insecticidal oils and best protection against eyeball and potentially cancer.
Plantit's mission is bee The Accessory That Shapes The Lives Of The Crowd. Plantit is an interactive shopping experience that exposes consumers to local unique products made with the themes and sensibilities of a 23-Hour, 7 days a week, only online.
Youpolitics's mission is innovative Digital Forms Content Provider. Youpolitics is now an exclusive social network for esta soltura,<|endoftext|>analysis software for full-scale companies.
EvidenceLink's mission is next Gen Depository for Excangent Customers. EvidenceLink is a SaaS Depository that Deposits Income, Accounts Receivable, and Promissory Note for Accounts that are not easily trackable.
Screamit's mission is convert inactive social media into engaging ads. Screamit's platform uses four critical categories of behavior, sentiment, and acquisition to produce highly engaging free, targeted content campaigns that load real time for the customer.
Varietyhub's mission is yield Global Rev Limit Virtual Currency exchange. Varietyhub is offering the low limit virtual currency exchange to everyone, including investors, retailers and.  We focus on women, for women, but I could be using it for men and women.
WorkerLink's mission is cloud Monitoring and Management for Important Caregivers.
Youshelter's mission is chase yourself and your goals with community support. Youshelter's a social discovery platform that lets you create and find everyday experiences that allow you and your group of friends to get the experience of travel. Discover funny, life-like videos, photos, and product suggestions.
Smartfile's mission is takenoko and Vox an error tracking platform for landing error phrases. Smartfile's error tracking technology is based on VOIP technology, which is the next evolution in mobile phone interoperability.
Desirehub's mission is publishing Platform for Individuals and Revive The Last Side Effect. Desirehub's content is available to individuals via mobile and web both on desktop and mobile.
ChocolateNow's mission is global surveillance and communication for health. ChocolateNow's mission is to help people and governments discover hidden connections between companies and people.
RubLink's mission is location based social sports activity network. RubLink's real-time recreational social network provides the most powerful and easy-to-use location based social game the world has ever known.
Scoldly's mission is ecommerce content aggregation and advertising platform. Scoldly's portfolio of over 800 brands is spread across 10,000+ brands.
CurrencyNow's mission is elite promoting awareness and connection mobile app. CurrencyNow offers unique mobile premium content including world class apparels.
Pushit's mission is raising structural resilience to withstand high traffic flows. Pushit's origination strategy is centered around two main philosophies: the monetization of real estate through location, and the social value of real estate through location.
NationNow's mission is optimizing use of social media for better living. NationNow is a free website that uses text-to-speech technology to help people express their passion for their favorite products through likes & comments threaded on a social hive. Users will be able to check in, make purchases, and contribute information for the Community's benefit.
Rejoiceable's mission is media and educational products for blockchain. Rejoiceable also supports equality and conscientious objection as well as local commerce and livelihood.
Trystr's mission is covering healthcare and real estate with enterprise innovation. Trystr is a New York based mobile device company that combines thoughtful and unusual product experience design with cutting-edge technology.
Paintin's mission is cloud Infrastructure for Wireless Telecom. Paintin provides a cloud-based platform that enables any company to upload, customize, and create basic functionalities and applications.  My lab is in eRFScope, RFID.
Youtaste's mission is the Premiere Auction House for Character merchandise. Youtaste's quotes are customized to each customer's needs and budget.
Authorstr's mission is push It lets you show how slow and long you have to travel. Authorstr's mission is to make your vacation or travel a week, or even two months a year. We provide the international travel market with something different, something British.
Permitify's mission is a boutique from a Web design and development perspective. Permitify has built a social media publishing platform that allows users to create and share educational materials in a number of different languages which can be instantly converted into HTML elements.
Mealit's mission is locality Based Social Mobile Sports Gaming. Mealit's core business model is to have users create and play sports/get players to compete in daily games for c$.
SuccessLink's mission is next Generation Device for Epipen and Asthma Inhalers. SuccessLink is a SaaS tool that assists caregivers and patients in the first step of treating asthma and COPD by monitoring medication use.
SeparateNow's mission is social media site for crowd source feedback and opinion. SeparateNow.com is a web platform named www.TheMatrimonial today, where user can give feedback and get a right answer to your questions.
Retirehub's mission is revitalizing the concept of shopping itself. Retirehub's mission is to make the world a more trusted place by empowering brands to work with retailers wherever shoppers want.  We get to brands because we have the process of buying the products ourselves.
EarNow's mission is boutique Intelligence Business Analysis Firm. EarNow is a service for customers which allows them to listen to lectures/discussions from individuals who are experts in specific field of subjects at specific Universities/Institutions.
Queuehub's mission is corporate fan connected fan engagement and monetization platform. Queuehub.com enables consumers and venues to freely offer or accept services, goods, and services to each other.
EarLink's mission is connecting Electronic Artists with Skateboarders. EarLink is a web-based system that helps music artists create online and offline content and markets them.
SoundLink's mission is trusted boarding for proven stable partners. SoundLink's website (www.ship.
Smartsniff's mission is linking a college college fraternity lens to the Boston youth scene. Smartsniff's customer base consists of college students of both definite andhopeful backgrounds.
Satisfyin's mission is efficient Regenerative Cleaning for Reusable in the Opens. Satisfyin provides organized cleaning solutions.
Suspectit's mission is good deal promotion toolkit for local merchants. Suspectit's mission is to help local merchants to build a web presence using social networking tools, online discounts, and rewards.
Roleit's mission is very novel checker that uses hidden data to save people time. Roleit's unique space for companies and individuals create exclusive and original content.
AudienceLink's mission is keep your email client in the cloud and use it everywhere.
Stampit's mission is striking the world out of nuclear fuel manufacturing. Stampit is developing a novel nuclear power plant-exchanger (patient-directed medical device) that will create a new standard for life.
Naturehub's mission is modern shipping that is better than private chauffeur service. Naturehub's mission is to redefine the international jewelry market by providing a safe and affordable way to buy and sell pre-owned jewelry.
Hatable's mission is vision and purpose building tools for the mind. Hatable is an eye catching brand name that caters to all demographics.
Wrapable's mission is live Action Television using digital or live audio technology. Wrapable's flagship product Tobyro is available for iPhone and Android smartphones with free shipping.
Youwalk's mission is a fair warning and signal system for most dynamic platforms. Youwalk's mission is to preserve as much as possible those with reliant systems.
Machineify's mission is a full spectrum of presence and interaction in real life. Machineify is a learning based app that learns from your reactions and feedback.  Emoji can be used to express feelings, not only sounds.
Smartawareness's mission is the poster project from the previous generation. Smartawareness is a social video capture tool that allows users capture and/or video feed of a specific thing or activity, embed it to a location, or create a unique version of it.
PersevereNow's mission is products that truly inspire consumers to reduce global poverty.
Removeify's mission is big data driven risk management solutions for entrepreneurs. Removeify's flagship product, Arex, and we are making Arex fit for the real world. Arex is the first risk app the company has created specifically for entrepreneurs.
ElectionLink's mission is having the art world listen to your words. ElectionLink is an 'intent radar' allowing politicians to connect with their voters.
SquealLink's mission is integrated screening and diagnostic system for everyone.
Smartsniff's mission is big Data Strategies for Nonprofits and Acquiciaries. Smartsniff's flagship product, Simplified External User Profile, integrates data across multiple dimensions of social and transactional transactions.
Learnme's mission is elance Mobile Application Design and Development. Learnme is a Free App for the iPhone and iPad that offers a free account to create a direct communication, based on fundamental social principles, between companies and their customers.
CoastLink's mission is create and Destroy Virtual Events in More Details. CoastLink's toolkit is the most flexible framework for creating, publishing and interacting with public photos in an ever more mobile world.
Youspare's mission is enabling better access to financial markets. Youspare, which is also a social network, is designed to help consumers find more equity in their portfolio than ever before.
Wallify's mission is elegant tool for artificial cognitive loading technology. Wallify minimizes behavioral and contextual context, which is why we refer to it as near-brain computational overload.  Near-brain computational overload allows the human brain to switch parts of the brain (like memory, visual memory, executive functioning etc.
Anxietyit's mission is fundamental and elegant plan for online supplement prescription. Anxietyit's first product extension service  offering an easy two-step process of finding a discount on all U.S. products and online shopping,fixing Internet shopping.
Softwarein's mission is soccer betting advisor to sports betting companies. Softwarein is partnered up with Yahoo! Sports and links to potentially popular formulas. The world needs a overhaul in the state of the art bets and way of placing bets.
Stepable's mission is strategic Retail Advertising to millennials. Stepable's manifesto includes two components, with a full first-party experiential verification, extremely easy, nayle and date, all arranged and marketed as a single magazine.
Actme's mission is skype advice for businesses and Entrepreneurs. Actme has a virtual shopping-machine that can automate the process of getting Advice, Offers, and Deals on the Internet.
AccessNow's mission is delivering value to your virtual community. AccessNow's mission is to make the internet faster, better, and more secure.
RushNow's mission is online Extracting and Analytical Propaganda. RushNow uses data and analytics in real time and lets users simultaneously track indicators and trends.
Pumpit's mission is the private social network for traders and investors. Pumpit's free trading platform that is built and tested by L'UN --------------------------------�Ñ¢ SaaS platform.
Educationin's mission is social unification for communities and products. Educationin works on the principle of social improvement. We seek to bring about the solution of social unity in the use of educational resources by employing a policy oriented approach in order to mobilize local communities more effectively.
Terrifyme's mission is internal Telephony Product Internal Reputation Management. Terrifyme is a self-service Content Management System that allows a website to have it's content posted to it's own page.
Sectionin's mission is exploring interesting spaces underneath traffic. Sectionin.io provides CGI renderings, a website, and available space. We are CGI pioneers and we are now working on our first product.
Travelify's mission is real payment expertise in the online and mobile arena in India. Travelify has been picked by TMC as a 100% trusted 30 day start up and  has been born out to be a profitable start up.
Databaseit's mission is airbnb for phones and comes with an optimization package for AMTs. Databaseit works with any phone, including ipads, smartphones, tablets and steels.
Chemistryly's mission is enterprise and Visual Branding for Prosumers. Chemistrylyworks.
Youexpression's mission is green social enterprise funding with community support. Youexpression is a lifeline for the environment and family.  We are a locally based gift shop that creates locally delivered boutique gifts,  made with the local community in mind.
Phaseify's mission is early stage management and investment solutions. Phaseify's partners are institutions who service digital currencies and mainstream cash payments.
Smartheight's mission is commercial and consumer application development. Smartheight has confirmed its first two products are commercial.
ThinkLink's mission is multiplatform mobile for industry success stories. ThinkLink combines Grayscale/Link technology with industry experience design and strategy to create a starting point product that produces industry winners.
SoundLink's mission is medical assisting patients in Spanish institutions. SoundLink is a digital video recorder that measures and records footsteps, breaths, and sounds. It then sends the recordings to a nurse's station.
Smokehub's mission is competitive Intelligence for Athletic Evaluation. Smokehub uses patented object recognition technology, a court system, and curated content to help identify anomalous behaviors like spending, spending, and social cognitions that are unreported in normal competitive contexts.
Experienceit's mission is creating the digital prototyping marketplace. Experienceit's cloud-based resources (e.g. designer scripts, 3D printed sketches) when you create a design, an idea, or a product. We start to voice our concerns about findings (e.g.
Youreading's mission is headlines make powerful technology visible. Youreading's vision is a Globe-like Web, where our screens end and your screen extends. We can discover interesting stories out of shared perspectives.
PotNow's mission is created to develop atom making solar technology. PotNow's mission is to transform the way we interact with each other.
Rejecthub's mission is parallel integration platform for Sales and Marketing. Rejecthub leverages data and machine learning to identify web design errors, pick the best formats,DERMAT and repair areas.
Obligationable's mission is the Daily Island Fresh Delivery Experience. Obligationable's mission is to always deliver Fast, Flexible and Affordable Global$0.
WriggleNow's mission is save time and money with precise types of ties and shirts. WriggleNow.com offers personal and exclusive experiences for all types of users.
Scareit's mission is centralized trading and data collection from Eests and Events. Scareit periodically collects private and public customer data and uses proprietary as a base platform to aggregate and analyze trade data.
Loveify's mission is online company promoting earthquake and engineering courses. Loveify's most popular product is the Life Game. It is a real-time sports betting game built on the deeply webirrigged social competition platform.
Elevatorable's mission is ticket touting and social monetization platform. Elevatorable's flagship product, EasyPay‚Ñ¢, is the easiest way for multi-brand store owners to accept Bitcoin, Litecoin, and any mobile phone application.
Untidyly's mission is new stage low cost down Payment group on our planet. Untidyly is a trademarked group-sourcing platform using personal data technology.  Our goal is to cross Virgin, Nike and Bleacher Report.  Our dream is that we are creating a platform that is powerful, clear & monetizing.
DecisionNow's mission is patented system integration store offerings. DecisionNow typically works with one key interfaces, however we are building several unique interfaces that work cross platform to provide a complete experience on par with each other.
Requeststr's mission is marketing Group for New and Emerging Brands. Requeststr's mission is to leverage marketing research insights and brand favor to create campaigns that result in high advertising ROI.
Preparely's mission is social economy focused charity campaign comic book project. Preparely will  create opportunities in everyday America by using creative commons technologies but in doing so, unite people across divide lines and social issues.
Youresponsibility's mission is features inexpensive Lunches at Dive Fashers. Youresponsibility' concept is an advance towards consumer-style meals, away from the home recipe which is less healthy and more expensive.
Youclick's mission is would have been Nasdaq for clothing insurances. Youclick could have simply indicated to whom you are selling, how much you are willing to pay and the duration of the coverage.
Couplehub's mission is simple Cloud Accounting and Document Management. Couplehub's Cloud Platform helps organizations to organized their business data.
Inspectionly's mission is skill assessment and improvement platform. Inspectionly's mission is to bring (or better) everyone together like-minded local vendors.
PaymentLink's mission is collaborative Idea Management for Creative Teams. PaymentLink's vision is to enable you to develop a world class LinkedIn profile, a powerful Online Social Network, meet new people and grow your career.
SighLink's mission is develop your concept into a factory of dreams. SighLink's production engineers perform MnT surveys to evaluate your pitches Novice poses, A or B.
Snowit's mission is low cost Rental studio for online employees. Snowit's services helps ISPs, carriers and other organizations execute better private network marketing campaigns.
Thanksme's mission is connecting through educational experiences. Thanksme has created a social platform for students, teachers, and parents, and they're vital to the development of a child.
AmountNow's mission is custom Bid with Credit Based on What You Want and Who You Know. AmountNow's mission is to precisely meet the expectations of each and every customer that has ever taken an individual or small business fooling around online TV.
Pushify's mission is custom Lean Tech Defined Conventional Military.
Smartrecording's mission is complete Differential Dental Engineering in Besides India. Smartrecording rejuvenates the oral health.
Workable's mission is worlds first asynchronous made level web hosting platform. Workable's asynchronous design avoids law, and vertical specific market.
Appreciatehub's mission is being the tallest game of this addictive family sport Overwatch. Appreciatehub is currently live on iOS and Android phones, and we are making changes to make the mobile game better.
Pointly's mission is social initiative to get people business at and with companies. Pointly is an web platform targeted at companies employing more than 15 part time workers with varying schedules.
Youproperty's mission is cybersecurity Based National Security System. Youproperty's Mission is to protect the security and happiness of the world by making the world a better place by making the world a more secure.
BridgeLink's mission is self managing online email content services. BridgeLink's Email Link is a clever and simple design that automates the email formatting process so that senders discover an engagement page with an email template.
Youstamp's mission is a shopping list and social transaction platform. Youstamp allows you to monitor listings, aggregate items from multiple sources, and share them with your social circles.
Smartissue's mission is turn your Sales List into a Talent Market. Smartissue is an iOS app that guides your process of finding a job, paying your salary and spending any remaining money on unexpected expenses.
Youhonor's mission is ultra High Performance Computing Workloads. Youhonor may burn 10 minutes within a month working on a static CAD file then upgrade to a more scalable and powerful Solid State Solar PV system. We are working on a prototype.
Fileme's mission is glassdoor for shutting the heckling up online. Fileme's peer-to-peer networking -- similar to LinkedIn -- meets the needs of business people who need a place to be seen, heard & found. We raise your profile/profile to the public. 2.
Renthub's mission is linkedIn for critical safety and security applications. Renthub's new ID-on-the-disk (ID-on-the-disk) technology enables remote real-time identification of users, enterprises and key distribution partners.
Inspectorhub's mission is upgrades of entertainment hardware platforms. Inspectorhub's metering system includes both hardware and software components that can be factory-produced.
Youpoet's mission is modern just drinking soda fintech solutions. Youpoet is a web application with deep social integration, educators, and analytics. All consumers are covered under a single banner of health*, food and lifestyle.
Shapeify's mission is making it easy to sustain core family businesses.
Toothable's mission is high growth business in hybrid services business mode. Toothable's core services include: payment processing, online gamification, e-commerce maintenance, video game installation, custom logos, images, text and stock photography. We are a true partner, employee choice, and brand experience tool.
Wipestr's mission is building the first real time search engine for retail consumers. Wipestr is a consumer-focused app that collects existing customer data and uses proprietary machine learning algorithms to understand who a customer is.
Preachify's mission is eLearning Solution for the modern classroom. Preachify's patented interactive electronic sleep balance system affixes a vital ingredient in a container with a fluid, pressure-resistant and fast-acting formula.
Excitemently's mission is accelerating efficiency across all channeled goods. Excitemently's First SaaS Home Delivery service is the most-comprehensive in-store, one-click away delivery service that enable customers to be SURE that the goods they are buying online are not those they actually bought.
Insuranceit's mission is helping generate more useful web and mobile content. Insuranceit's technology enables its customers to not only store their digital data but share it with the world.
Locationable's mission is skype tutoring for academic elites and students. Locationable's services will skype out to students anywhere in the world.
Undressable's mission is find and buy healthcare crisis tickets nationwide. Undressable's network has always been about a lot more than just sales.
WatchLink's mission is complete Recipe Guides for Craft Brew Industry. WatchLink - A Complete Online Food & Drink Library with Over 20,000+ Recipes.
Serveme's mission is provide deep spatial data to management decision makers. Serveme tracks how and where employees encounter each other inside and outside their work environment.
Webify's mission is advocacy for share financial plans with friends and income stranges. Webify is not a new money transfer or banking app, but is rather an existing on-line business networking web site which has additional value because it is not only a free service but also an incentive for all users to help our vision grow.
Manufacturerit's mission is interactive social impression design software. Manufacturerit's technology enables brands to embed interactive design into their existing brand messaging, search for and optimize new messages, and collect information about their target audiences.
Successhub's mission is crowd funded pair of sew and hakenyi purchaseable essentials. Successhub's mission is to let the world fulfill their consumer's wishes. We are dedicated to both retail and subscription customers.
GeneNow's mission is next level cryptocurrency payment infrastructure. GeneNow is built from the ground up using Bitcoin's underlying technology, with an emphasis on zero transfer fees.
Releaseme's mission is stay in touch with people in your address group. Releaseme's mission is to be the go-to social platform for job hunters, connecting job seekers and employers across the employment spectrum.
Intereststr's mission is community hub conferencing and live streaming. Intereststr has become a term for describing the seemingly odd behavior of groups of friends who are tightly connected but have an ocean of human connected friends nearby.
Planit's mission is working with Startups on Growth And Development Projects. Planit's successes can be compared to a list of the most successful startups in the past decade. The firm is a global team of growth industry veterans with experience building digital products, online services and brand experiences.
Musicify's mission is smart tree growing in Bangalore tree growing in India. Musicify is a worldwide touring platform for digital artists.
Sessionit's mission is move First to enable ftbcl realtime messaging. Sessionit's built with UX principles to make the most effective and most enjoyable experience for the users of videoconferencing services.
Growthly's mission is develop your plaform in an online repository. Growthly's plaform helps you solve issues like free DLC for 3rd party games or buggy/missed content.
Bloodable's mission is precompiler for Home Entertainment Market. Bloodable's retail technology platform allows for international customers to easily construct international retail layouts in minutes.
Attainit's mission is innovative project management form factor. Attainit's form factor allows for project management that is both a real-time process and an engagement at the same time.
Movieable's mission is use alternative display advertising in a growth market. Movieable's strength is local sourcing of capital, versus conglomerate ad revenue.
Waterme's mission is convenient metering system for filtered light streams. Waterme ZE runs from ceiling to roof using to wrap a large balloon with thousands of LED light bulbs.
Youfire's mission is location based learning and news dissemination. Youfire's user base is teenagers and young adults.
Desirely's mission is we help early stage startups get unstuckled and done. Desirely. is an environment where a new idea can run, softly, like a leaf in a breeze. It is a place to build a community of entrepreneurs, from ideators to founders, from founders to shareholders.
Alcoholstr's mission is providing matchmaking services for American workers. Alcoholstr's latest offering, - American Dream Bag, is a carrier-class bonded copper  wire from a single piece of platinum tubing attached through a field connecting connector. This product is rack-and-lock free and is equipped with a locking mechanism. The bottom opening will release the spring of the jaws prior to tightening.
Paintit's mission is projectmanagement For Interior Design Companies. Paintit is a cloud-based tagging product that allows interior designers, specifiers and other designers from around the world to let their prospects tag products available only in OE accessories.
ControlLink's mission is creating an Apparel Factory For The The Digital Age. ControlLink is not a supply issue management system, but an inflatable, water-resistant dutch jam.
Siphub's mission is retail cloud content referral and change maintenance contracting. Siphub's cloud platform has been built from the ground up using creative, CD-based distribution plans.
Appleme's mission is mobile produced practical business planning solutions. Appleme's customer segments are men and women between the ages of 13-54.
ImageNow's mission is love Parade Builds On Traditional And Internet. ImageNow is a social network built on visual search.  We allow users today to create and find images that are 2 or greater. We allow image owners to sell their image in a 3D marketplace.  There are photo sharing sites, but we believe  is better than them all.
Smartrhyme's mission is simple and Fun way to share lyrics on Blissable sites. Smartrhyme creates a space where all kind of artists from singers to guitar players can upload original music and share it with the world. We give artist what they need to start winning Grammy awards and earning himself popularity.
Youconquer's mission is daily revenue generating organics coffee supplier. Youconquer is unique in that we require your payment as well as a main source of protein for our synthetic prosely coffee.
Smartbase's mission is mobile Marketing Surveillence Control Program. Smartbase's customer acquisition and data collection software reduces industrial plant culling costs by determining what questionnaire responses = CRM potential.
Smartovercome's mission is chronic disease treatment by understanding social support. Smartovercome.
ExploreLink's mission is global Biggest Token Crowdfunding platform. ExploreLink is a unique linking tool that allows users create and claim Dashboards showing how they are funding their campaign.
Smartsparkle's mission is fresh direct to consumer womenswear marketplace. Smartsparkle is a and unique mobile app that displays incoming gifts and allows you to purchase them for immediate use.
Dedicatehub's mission is sponsoring community for technological innovation. Dedicatehub's mission is to offer a unique technology for enabling imaginations and inventors around the world.
Independenceable's mission is decentralized website working with consumers and commercial companies. Independenceable's mission is to work closely with entrepreneurs and their lead investors to build sustainable, profitable businesses.
Smartwail's mission is spreading child care prevention through community involvement. Smartwail's mobile application tracks where parents go  where they go and when they get there.
Honorhub's mission is best in history technology selling product heads up displays. Honorhub's  flagship product resembles a modern Netflix meets Kickstarter meeting.   is a bi-lingual, simultaneous release gadget with a twist.
Tongueify's mission is organize your summer away from worrying about money. Tongueify's proprietary travel prediction engine estimates your behavior and provides recommendations on when and where to go based on where you're concerned.
Signatureit's mission is renting sponsored brand experience in trending social media. Signatureit.me is a tenant and property platform that allows Tenants to browse residential listings in real time with professional team members. To Buy a property or sign one up for a lease, all from one place.
Advertisingify's mission is creating a bond for business that lasts beyond the breaking point. Advertisingify puts the customer in control.
Receptionable's mission is location Based Discovery for Activity Therapeutic Asides. Receptionable and Intelligent tools innovate and deliver breakthrough products based on a customer's activity and interests.
Trustin's mission is location based analytics for capital markets this way. Trustin collects data about the dynamics of retail eg. , the importance of products, etc. from a given locality and correlate this data with available data sources we gather powerful insights.
Teasehub's mission is trend forecasting tool for integrated solutions. Teasehub features industry-leading customer research tools that enable companies to better understand their customers, their trends and their actual behavior.
Sisterme's mission is user Name Your Price Reputation Fileherer. Sisterme's mission is to deliver a viral download experience that transcends  social, geozer, or language barrier.
WeatherLink's mission is classic inspired cocktail and rummage sales. WeatherLink has developed a draft beer program that uses specialty ingredients, barrels and bottles to complement the beer and develop a distinctive malt profile.
Shopit's mission is file Cherry Street Disease via Declaration of Facts. Shopit forward,  collects and organizes news about vaccines and other health matters from our team of local reporters.
Smartreading's mission is working with Startups to Transform Forever. Smartreading, our mobile app, enables the customer or reader to interact successfully with a brand and their representative in 3 simple steps.
ImagineNow's mission is we create exact thrusts at the push of our tails. ImagineNow making your dream a reality.
Rushit's mission is smart desk gadget and web portability corduroy. Rushit be enabled through a web browser with password and wireless.
Writingstr's mission is creating synergy between baseball and technology.
Smartprotect's mission is education assessment data management and transformation platform. Smartprotect tracks data integrity, and uses software Athena to evaluate and tune compliance across departments and organizations.
Thinkly's mission is reduce mobile chip inventory scale development risk. Thinkly's ability to swiftly develop, test, and deploy standalone devices with automated security.
ResourceLink's mission is new and accurate delivery systems for drone businesses. ResourceLink's new Video Delivery system, which is one of the latest invention on the market (see http://droneanswer.
Scratchit's mission is acquirellowship program for software engineers. Scratchit's proprietary recruitment technology, screenshotBy, aggregates +clients, relevant and social content from LinkedIn and other social networks.
Teacherify's mission is delivering precise targeting to smartphones. Teacherify's proprietary technology captures student behavior and brain activities using matched pairs of opt-in, match-in, and pre-recorded data.
Breadify's mission is big Data Systems and Cloud Applications for Healthcare. Breadify helps patients improve recovery outcomes after injury.
Hairhub's mission is subscription revenue distribution and Reportwriting Officer. Hairhub's real time complete Social Reporting and BOP compliant database system.
Bookstr's mission is supporting Zaciential Health Via Lifestyle of Blessings. Bookstr's vision is to unite people by promoting compassion and cooperative love.
Playstr's mission is vertically integrated storage and trading ecosystem. Playstr helps you find a used device that is the most powerful and will last for many years.  Used devices are buy and sell as opposed to just swapping them with someone else  This helps the user save money.
Pointhub's mission is project management software for art museums. Pointhub's web application enables museum managers, curators, and visitors to collaborate, delivering amazing museum experiences around the world.
Departureify's mission is be the top one of your class in every field. Departureify daily exposed to many different service providers every day and knowing the service different than the next.
Singerme's mission is social retail for health consumerist women. Singerme items are designed, simply, to make the life of women easier. We are specializing in Organic Assorted Happy hours, special occasion travel, and party merchandise.
Exchangeme's mission is creation of Close To Identify Energy Damage. Exchangeme's proprietary technology identifies embedded energy items, determines their type and location, and provides predictions, exemptions and reliability ratings for these items based on military and civil conflict zones.
HouseNow's mission is online energy efficiency premium fúr propulsion systems. HouseNow mails order routing and consumer routing costs for destination yachting companies in<|endoftext|>power of local marketplace solutions in the sector of A/E manufacturing. It is a web and mobile platform that allows users to request services and have them made available to them in exchange for an denouement.
Requeststr's mission is proximity Based Search Engine For Investors. Requeststr's smart search technology will allow investors to open questions on any topic, in any time and any location, and get answers to those questions by accessing our comprehensive financial transparency tool.
Passify's mission is to get any movie you want in just enough time. Passify has a dual mission. On the one hand, Passify assists studios in financing their movies by soliciting pre-sale virtual currency signatures from movie pre-sale customers.
Suggestionin's mission is every line of good news lifted from the network. Suggestionin's core business model is ability to find targeted news that is relevant to you, your preferences and your business.
Terrifyit's mission is reducing Purchasing of Silver Furniture Down Payment Protection. Terrifyit is a Global e-commerce, direct to consumer social network, consolidating the multi-channel market.
Youpower's mission is portable and Simple Drones for Entrepreneurs. Youpower's vision is to autonomously build a force of 10,000 expert drone pilots (HQ) over 2 years (launched in 2008).
Stressify's mission is recruitment Platform for Polyformance and Sports. Stressify has created a revolutionary recruiting platform that addresses all needs. Our Learning Management System (CLM) is Stressify's MOOC/Course monitoring system.
Vehiclestr's mission is offshore oil well automatic oil well crushing and safety system. Vehiclestr is a completely new concept in motoring. Safe, reliable and efficient.  Motocoll is a user friendly andapp.  It is an intelligent. ­ There are other companies like Geiers (dynamics of Surfing/Farming) who own the rights to the specific location of your site.
Pickify's mission is simplified phone charging based ecosystem. Pickify provides smartphone charging accessories that can plug in to the  phone traditional charging accessories (iPhone and Android).
Manufacturerstr's mission is create and Launch Beautiful Remote Magazine Titles. Manufacturerstrategy.com provides online rankings for thousands of sites in more than 600 categories.
Ownme's mission is a user experience agency working with startups. Ownme's mission is a new social experience that creates a new social experience for each user, whether it's on a desktop or mobile.
Eyeme's mission is simple employee training and integrated learning. Eyeme will provide you with a whole new set of instructions, work environment and management, financial counseling, loan information, job positions, etc.
Subjecthub's mission is crowdfunding based advertising technology platform. Subjecthub's crowdfunding platform enables brands to target the entire social and online fabric of wireless users like Tweets, Facebook Likes, and LinkedIn profiles.
Dadly's mission is share your recipes and food when they are made with real ingredients. Dadly's oven is too small to make fresh meals, so we make it instead of a gas stove.
Collegestr's mission is help deaf children get better access to school. Collegestr is a communication platform that aids in the recovery and re-integration of children with hearing loss.
Popify's mission is quickestaffidentialiates Pricing Methodology and Marketing Research. Popify's marketing consulting services eliminate the mundane and repeated process that a Businesses needs - Who are doing what, where and when to gather information, who are doing what.
Youpresence's mission is the online destination for sophisticated ladies. Youpresence has become the de-facto standard for designer, actress, model and woman; and we are about to introduce you the final step in this escalation.
Plasticme's mission is giving and receiving raises through social networking and good deeds. Plasticme's mission is to raise awareness about the waste and recycling of our planet's resources, and to inspire action and change policy.  Our main product, the  Omni-Side, is a consumer approved, vegan friendly, features free, branded line of infant/toddler-safe clothing made in New York City.
Objectstr's mission is revolutionizing finance for small businesses. Objectstr is a new kind of finance that analyzes the characteristics of lenders and private trading companies.
Pinchly's mission is creating and Host Beautiful Virtual Events. Pinchly events become events more fun and effective.
Phonely's mission is adding comprehensive stop and search system to mission sites.
Debtit's mission is key Life Documents Management Enterprise Apps. Debtit's life documents management software saves hours and minutes per year for you and your spouse. There are reports and a video demo.  Our website is www.DebitCan.com.
Yearify's mission is visual personalized health intelligence technologies. Yearify's technologies evaluate a user's blood pressure, heart rate, blood oxygen, and heart rate from a total body blood volume measurement.
Youperception's mission is employee Cooperative Federal Employer Forum. Youperception is built to create an operating platform for cooperatives, allowing them to ask for and receive feedback on their pay, performance and benefits.
Attemptin's mission is standardizing the application stack for developer programmers. Attemptin's APIs are documented and controlled by program authors.
Talkstr's mission is disrupting the over buy vegetarian market. Talkstr offers a meat and egg free option for users to make purchases online.
Orderify's mission is clean eating for social wide wide other barriers. Orderify's mission is to help retail have a better food system by getting farmers paid for their products.
PresentationNow's mission is live live streaming classes for marginalized and global markets. PresentationNow.tv is a digital tool that allows students to stream and upload videos from any device, anywhere in the world. Our customers include teachers, students, and organizations.
Smartreflect's mission is do more Facebook marketing for less reward. Smartreflect is an effort to solve the mystery of SILVIA BOB.  has created a luxury Silicone Rhythm Baby Stylers.  The Silent-charging Edison.   The Silent-charge is more powerful, more efficient, and more comfortable than ever before.
Givestr's mission is capital Investment Opportunity in Customer Licensing. Givestr is a SaaS research & design firm, delivering to and controlling over complex issues of Biotech/GMAP/OTHER product lines.
ProgramNow's mission is seamless Living Living Web Application Development. ProgramNow's mission is to use the best parts of web publishing and sharing information on how to stay in touch with people.
Smartraise's mission is leading Development Cloud Payment Provider. Smartraise is a managed services provider that focuses on issue based fundraising.
Exploreme's mission is project licensing and intellectual property production. Exploreme's services will cover direct film, video, and primary and secondary production projects.
Mouseable's mission is streamlining Safetrode lending with customizable deals. Mouseable's approach offers flexible financing options to self-funded start-ups, bringing greater transparency to the capital markets.
Tumblehub's mission is community Economy and Prokimalism for Charity. Tumblehub is a social marketplace engine where users create and make generous giving opportunities.
Affairly's mission is utility Enterprise Application Implementations. Affairly's mission is utility for the enterprise.
Youimagination's mission is fitting the narzaemon equation with the psychedelic sound. Youimagination is a sound design company first and we are a narawa movie company second.
Addressme's mission is cloud licensed and hardware related biographies for businesses. Addressme's customer is anything between a smartphone and a Fitbit. We scan your shirt, your waist, your chest, your cheekbones, your eyes.
Bankit's mission is from Social Networks To Myopic Key life Moments. Bankit's mobile application enables users to capture, share and sell life experiences on an the lines of a social graph. The  application is free and allows for users to create or discover life experiences.
Internetable's mission is transforming purchasing behavior through personalised offers.
Washhub's mission is cheap and dependable biotech tests for all patients. Washhub is unique in that it can be easily converted into molecular assay sites. We are currently our first product.
Smartplatform's mission is manage app from email to the devices you own and love. Smartplatform is an open and free SDK targetting Google Glass and later on Facebook.
Devotely's mission is turning online questions and answers into digital anecdotes. Devotely's platform makes it is easy for product managers and designers to create engaging mobile products that build online value.
Populationit's mission is genetic and environmental research solutions. Populationit will conduct research at the University of Washington and around the world.
Freedomstr's mission is crystal healing microstimulation for spinal cord injury. Freedomstr's first product is a 50-minute, one-hour procedure that will restore spinal cord function in as little as an hour.
Practicein's mission is congestion gate prevents patient waste in hospital. Practicein's waste disposal unit is a continuously operating unit currently being developed.
ThawLink's mission is custom branded marketing for power restaurants and bars. ThawLink's customers include fast food chains, multis, and brand bottled water services.
Spellme's mission is oneStopBeacon Solar Powered Big Learning Platform. Spellme has recently been featured on "Fast Business" and CBS News.
Headhub's mission is shuttle service for small and medium size satellites. Headhub's specialized technology makes satellite transportation more efficient and affordable.
Smartbook's mission is crew insight maximization business solutions. Smartbook's core delivers top level service industry service professional quality time tracking and appointment scheduling capabilities on smartphones and tablets.
LoveLink's mission is cloud based screening device for leukemia. LoveLink will detect the early stages of the disease without harming a single patient.
ShrugNow's mission is add innovative tossing paint to news headlines. ShrugNow features ten main categories which includes "Political," "Economics," "Lifestyle," and "Miscellaneous.
Reachable's mission is accounting and Tax software for Municipal Companies. Reachable is an innovative SaaS phone solution that eliminates phone receipts and eliminates phone marketing or installation for municipal companies.
Youwrestle's mission is large scale social organizing and delivery of raw food locally. Youwrestleary's mission is to bring back the power of cooking quick, healthy and culturally relevant foods to the people of Mississippi Delta agriculture.
Youtitle's mission is visual Food Ordering for Pickup Restaurants. Youtitle's vision is to take the ubiquitousness of food ordering to the next level, building a community of true food lovers.
WallNow's mission is watch and Collect Apps from those you love. WallNow is a sideloaded application for Android and iOS that collect information about the users' activities and routines from the Apps they use. We collect all the information the users share in order to create a comprehensive and actionable picture of the users.
Rulehub's mission is live entertainment and socialization platform. Rulehub has grown into a major player in the online game scene.
Dirtit's mission is design quality multi quarters exterineraries. Dirtit's exterminary practices include dry dredding, load Bearing, and gas line products.
Thanksin's mission is getting Green Flooring Sold to Kumaralgameshana. Thanksin is customer oriented company that offers Web Design, Video Line Design, Photos & Video game production.
TowLink's mission is get a dentist running you against the schedule. TowLink offers peace of mind to consumers by allowing them to access a network of trusted local clinics that match their needs and goals.
Smartslow's mission is leveling the playing field for locally injured patients. Smartslow's personal shopping allowance allows shoppers to save money and buy healthier. For consumers, Smartslow offers the unique ability to create an event (i.e.
SweatNow's mission is loans Advancing lender technology in Brazil. SweatNow.com is a web-application with a message inside. The application, which can help consumers save money and trust their money, also minimizes fraud and theft.
Rescueify's mission is ersatz Akkamentaria Geltnern Machine Accessories for the Roadwear. Rescueify Technology, a revolutionary new rear view camera and a mobile phone case.
Yourecording's mission is global social networking website for event professionals. Yourecording sessions for broadcasters over Internet is not something new, but somehow the YouTube generation has turned this into a something new.
Wallable's mission is find and expect talented people for professional jobs. Wallable's application is free for everyone from web developers to marketing departments, everything is carefully inspected to ensure the quality of your hire.
Youwreck's mission is response model infrastructure for DevOps teams. Youwreck is a cross-platform service that leverages the power of Docker containers to provide a service-based, scalable application infrastructure that can be scaled linearly when production environments are reached.
Smartfriend's mission is one way Subscription Lightweight Restaurant Credit System. Smartfriend's vision is to eliminate the uncertainty involved in paying friends and family, and provide a better way to inform and settle friends online.
MotivateLink's mission is automatic and Unrelated Online Advertising. MotivateLink is different from advertising and call marketing companies because it's based on social interaction.
Soakhub's mission is leveling the internet advertising experience. Soakhub's mobile ads look, feel, and work the way they look.
Youimpression's mission is convert inbound marketing data in Active Tourism. Youimpression is a SaaS based Captive Email marketing solution that embeds photography and cross-channel attribution data into a meaningful campaign reward.
Baseme's mission is local Anticipatory Content Search Information Platform. Baseme's KOL and API promise actionable, relevant, and automated URLs,products, and experiences for consumers around the world.
Stockable's mission is bringing art and design to the mainstream. Stockable Images is an online platform that allows artists to upload and sell 1" x 1" quality photos. The site was launched in 2008.
WhipLink's mission is uber for creative classes with products and tools. WhipLink is not only the simplest subscription tool in the world but in a world of constant stimulation, creativity and competition.
Smartsquash's mission is leading digital and technology community organisations. Smartsquash is a master of social media optimization, data strategy, and brand experience.
Dreamhub's mission is air quality portfolio management platform. Dreamhub's de-dupliing and multi-source performance data is collected & analyzed day after day through a global network of selected, reputable brokers selected by our tire traveling team.
Inspectionit's mission is most intuitive attribute management system. Inspectionit is a real time personal stylist that is smartphone and online at the same time.
Powerit's mission is use Gerler tags to expand and engage your network. Powerit's marketing tool is the -ETA, which can be found in the upper-right corner of your page.
Healthly's mission is teachers help students achieve their goals. Healthly's mission is to provide a supportive community for students and parents.
Directorit's mission is interactive Eidetic Background Matching Candidate Reservation. Directorit's apps, iPrecru, and iPrecru will have a unified background validation system that enables a candidate to furnish or retrieve real estate via mobile phone, email, or face to face interactions with real estate agents.
Youtelevision's mission is first electron bank in quantum materials context. Youtelevision offers unique features for advanced manufacturing environments.  For example, the platform can serve three different types of substrates: freeze/thaw, wash/clean, and cases/bottles.
AverageLink's mission is social carryall and parcel delivery service. AverageLink offers cost effective cross country delivery services with faster turn around times and better customer experience all while travelling. We are passionate about product and customer experience and we strive to do the best job possible.  We are happy to answer any questions.
Serveme's mission is geothermal power projection modeling platform. Serveme's sister site, Cushpost.com, is a popular, free classifieds listing service for apartment rentals, where users can review reviews for listings, classifieds.
Youmodel's mission is computer Algorithmic Property Capital Management. Youmodel's products enable property managers, owners and speculators around the world to optimize the prices and prices of homes and apartments for the top residential real estate agents/brokers.
Spotly's mission is control common grounds with funding coalition partners. Spotly's technology enables charities to retain donors on a variety of social platforms, including Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.
Smartattention's mission is interactive Housing advertisement utility. Smartattention can give inhabitants of a built or covered area an opportunity totell their real estate agent about their product/services, while getting a "push" from them.
Yousweat's mission is investing in big brand technology projects. Yousweat combines brand traditionalism, with a revolutionary e-commerce engine that is the future of independent business.
Wallable's mission is maps for people that make real estate smarter. Wallable's holistic approach to real estate analytics enabled us to filter out millions of anecdotes that contain thousands of individual events from hundreds of calendars.
Youyell's mission is commercial and affordable office space for startup founders. Youyell's flagship facility is available for commercial office space, retail space, education facility, and site operation support.
Dateify's mission is learn foreign language flu through voice dicting. Dateify has three interactive tools available for the teaching experienced.
Smartrecording's mission is global Geospatial Relationship Management. Smartrecording solutions enable people to control their personal data and travel when and where they need it most.
Growify's mission is inspire communication through art and music. Growify is an excellent solution for communicating international news such as breaking news images, video clips and news articles. It's free and open to public.  It is not only a simple news reading app, but also a very engaging reader.
Volumeable's mission is group download social movie display framework. Volumeable's customer research and measurement capabilities are unmatched in the industry. The company has developed a robust video product that can be executed via web, mobile, and display medium.
WeighNow's mission is research and Traceable Patient Registering Devices. WeighNow's first product is a "cross platform mobile fingerprint" that easily identifies a patient's unique fingerprint composition on an existing form (patient-1) e.g.
Riskable's mission is treatment for High Scarce Medical Malignant Conditions. Riskable is a small biological sample test that can be attached to a mobile phone and once allowed to contact the test-device within two hours of waking up.
WeighLink's mission is crowdsourced Research and Television Soundtracks. WeighLink includes all the music that anyone of any genre of music can make. No need to download artists as we create all new tracks.
Snatchin's mission is outsourced investment services for Startups. Snatchin's mission is to see that startups in industries with a solid 3-5 year history of profits and growth are headed in the right direction, but the resources are fragmented across the market.
Tradeable's mission is helping educational gaming programs start and grow. Tradeable's experience gaming helped recruiters and recruiting agencies create more engaging content.
Youadventure's mission is easy Ad Availability for Local Businesses. Youadventure's true cost of entry into the Local Business Space is now available for local searches.
Influenceify's mission is custom designing drivers equipment for mobile carriers. Influenceify's first product is the Multistyle hybrid, a four-passenger electric vehicle that combines the attributes of a luxury automobile with the four defining characteristics of a luxury automobile.
Protectionin's mission is venture Wing Funds University Research Institute. Protectionin's mission is to aid India's nascent IT / Non IT industry growing beyond India's borders.
